■■

I got to the top of the cliff and there was somebody already there. Not quite waiting for me, but sitting there acting like she was expecting me, but still surprised that it was me she was expecting. She was dancing her fingers pointed at the sky like she was moving smoke between her fingers. She was painting. With each motion the colors would swirl together in the clouds while her other hand shot shooting stars into the backdrop. I asked her if I could join her. She said she didn’t know. She asked why would I be up there if not to join her. I sat down next to her and brushed the view with my fingertips. Nothing happened. I asked if I could use her fingertips instead and she said I could. Her hand still painting in the sky, I fit my fingers between hers to open her grip. The colors went flowing as her fingers spread and drew 4 distinct cloud trails in the sky. I heard a meow so I looked down at our feet and there was white cat. He brushed against both of both our legs and continued walking. I didn’t realize my hand had fallen, pushing hers with mine. It sent the masterpiece we had made splashing into the ocean in front of us. A strange sound shot from the sea like a siren. The cat jumped off the cliff and into the ocean. The tiniest beeps got louder. The beeps overcame the image. My eyes flickered with confusion. I couldn’t see. And then I could. My hand had already fallen on top of the Snooze, and the siren stopped.

I had a big day ahead of me.

*

A few steps out of $capital headquarters I realized how much sweat had built up on my forehead. I wiped it away and frantically constructed my spliff. It was a rough meeting. The prototype demo of Rose Garden went well, but they didn't seem entirely enthused. They didn't ask enough questions and they didn't fully get what we were doing. I wanted them to chat for hours about the awesomeness of flowing mindless pop culture into ecstatic social reform. They were money people, and they always would be. I was kidding myself that any moral imperative would affect their judgment.

*

"We at $capital," the overnight parcel began. "Are excited to inform you that Rose Garden will continue to be funded for the allotted time with our next series of funding. Stop."

"That's how I do it!" I shouted on my porch. "I win! I always win!"

The courier turned around and gave me a thumbs up. Even he believed in me. Despite the lackluster presentation, these people believed that it was a viable product with promise in the near future. I couldn't wait to tell my team.

I walked back inside with my fist clenched in victory. Karl walked out of his room with a dirty plate, wearing his morning chin warmer that looked like a knitted wool beard. "You won man, yeaaaah," he mumbled.

"Yeah I did," I said. "And the whole world's gonna hear about it!"

"Yeah man, I think they already did," he said. "I heard it. Francis probably heard it. Nearest neighbors. Yeah."

I motioned with my hands to let him know I had settled down. "This next go," I said in a calmer voice. "It’s this go. All hell can't stop us now."

I called up my team of three to meet me in the war room on my house’s freshly built second story. It was a flat room with a wooden floor surrounded by windows on all sides, awkwardly poking out the top of my house. The celebration was only minutes long and consisted of all of us shotgunning beers all over the equipment. Then we got back to work. We sat side by side each other along the walls with more Glass than people, more server racks than monitors, and a solid rack of warm ones.

Most of the heavy lifting had already been done. Beacons would pop up all around the map from our hundreds of bots pretending to play. We could artificially feed in a park here, destroy a library there, delete some crime across town, or create dozens of check-ins at a nearby historical site.

There was still one enormous missing thread to this gamified social quilt: how does it all end? Or at least, what is the point of playing? I needed my social experts.

*

>check-in $AX $
@ La Rotonde

>check-in bri10 $
@ La Rotonde

"They will need both a sense of purpose and a sense of accomplishment," Britten explained as we sat in front of my favorite cafe. She held a couple Masters degrees in Art Business and Sociology, she was young, cute, and kind of a bitch. "I think this game is ridden with holes. And your main competitor?"

"$four," I said.

"Yes," she said. "They will coin you. Very quickly."

"How do you know?" I asked.

"Because I did my research," she said. "Unlike you."

"I did my research."

She showed me her open palms. "Two days ago I asked you for the research you had done. And you gave me nothing."

"I was busy."

"No," she said. "You were drunk. And it was noon on a Tuesday."

"Well shit I'm sorry," I said. "I was celebrating. What are you, the morality police?"

"No," she said in a stern voice as she slammed her hand against the table. She stood up and crooked her head. "I am not the morality police. You are. This whole game you've created is. It's fucking ridiculous. Building a karaoke bar gains you 12 points when a preschool earns you 3?"

"I'm working out the kinks," I said as I looked around at the people staring at us. "And I'm paying you to adjust this stuff. Sit down."

She raised her chin in defiance. "I will work with you," she said. "But I will tell you right now that you had better start getting serious, because what I see so far is a game of placing bets on what $A thinks is fun. And maybe build a school for kicks."

"I'll call you," I said, tired of the conversation.

Right before she got into the buggy whip that pulled up, she looked at me and put her hand on her forehead. "A harem. A harem club creates a positive wave effect in the area? What does that even mean?" She closed the door before I could answer.

"That’s only for top-shelf!" I said loud enough for her to hear me through the window. I leaned back in my chair and softly said, "I'm working out the kinks."

*

I hadn't seen $C for some while. Neither of us were even reaching out to one another. But then I hit *the* snag. I couldn't figure out how $four suggested a person's next movement. $four would crunch the data it had in such a way that it would very accurately tell you where you *should* go next. It was clear that it had something to do with your friends and your geolocation, but how did it know that I could meet someone at a nearby park when they weren't even there... yet?

After some back and forth texts, we decided to meet at a tiki joint that was hip enough to earn a user a handful of points if they had a beacon nearby.

>check-in $CX $
@ Lucky Charm

>check-in $AX $
@ Lucky Charm

"So, tell me, how do you track future movements?" I asked her bluntly after some bites and a small drink that was kind of gross. "This drink is gross."

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"In $four," I said. "The biggest selling point nowadays is that it's so accurate at its suggestions. Like it's telling us where to go, and we follow it because we know it's probably right."

"You lead $four," she said. Her demeanor went from relaxed to guarded with my comment. "It's just data that you've given the app."

"I don't believe you," I said. The words shattered the spoken glass we were both dancing on, obstructing whatever innocent flow we had going. I was too obvious. I was too abrasive. But the fact was that I didn't believe her. And I wanted to see if she could hang with some heat.

She smirked and took the last sip of her drink. She motioned to the bartender to pour us both another of the same. "You don't believe me?"

"No. And that drink was gross."

"Then what is it?" she asked with a laser stare. Somehow she turned the tables and put me on the spot.

"You got some sauce," I said.

"Some sauce?"

"Yeah," I said. "Maybe some semantic read-your-text-messages follow-your-position-without-your-permission key-logging turn-on-your-mic sauce."

She burst into laughter nearly falling out of her seat. She set her drink down and gathered herself. As she moved her long glowing hair out of her face with her fingers combing it to either side, she held it in a pony tail and batted her eyes at me two time. "You do realize I'm Game Theory, right? Like, in charge of Game Theory," she said. "That would mean I'm doing the read-your-password stuff, right?"

"How about I'll ask you again after a few more?" I said jokingly to diffuse the situation.

"Deal," she said. We cheersed.

We went down the street to an indoor ball field that served fashionable cocktails, and was open late at night. We played a couple rounds, ending in a tie.

>check-in $CX $
@ The Edit

>check-in $AX $
@ The Edit

"Because!" she said. "It's just fun. I can't see the future. Why do you care so much anyways?"

"Your friend is a magician. I thought maybe you were too."

She wrapped her arms behind my neck in the first sign of affection all night. "But you know what?" she asked.

"What's that?"

"I can tell you where we're going to end up tonite," she said. She sarcastically put her hand over her mouth as if to silence herself, and said, "Even before it happens."

"And where's that?"

"Your place," she said.

"Did $four tell you that?" I joked.

"Yes," she said. "See for yourself."

With her arms again wrapped around me, I pulled out my phone to play along. I fired up $four and looked at the screen in my most academic poise. "Well it says," I said as I waited for the app to load. "It says-- fuck." I looked up at her. She looked at me to finish my thought.

"It says we'll be at my house. Later tonite." I bit my lip and shook my head frustrated that I couldn't figure out how it knew. I laughed it off and looked around for some explanation. There was something more important than figuring out how $four knew that, though, and that was getting her back to my place.

The walk took a while but we eventually made it through the mildest of drizzling rain.

"You're late," Francis said in a serious tone.

"Oh shit I forgot!" I said. We had planned a Risk tournament between Francis, me, and Raiden. Both Francis and Raiden were sitting at a fully set up table of Risk, the game of world domination! They had decided to set up Risk: KGB, one of my favorites. "KGB, very good."

"Hi $C," Francis said, breaking character from his upsetness.

"Hi Francis!" she said as she clapped in excitement, which I thought was kind of weird.

"This is Raiden, our homeless friend," he said as he introduced our friend. Raiden stood up and shook her hand.

"Hi Raiden," she said. "Nice to meet you."

"Salutations," he said. "You play Risk?"

"I've played a lot of Risk, and according to this guy", she said as she motioned toward me. "I KGB on people through $four."

"Of course you do," Raiden said. "You're playing then. You can be red."

$C was leaning against the pole in the middle of the room with one arm wrapped around it behind her back. She turned toward it and twirled around the pole doing a fly kick trick with ease. When her spinning finished, she looked at me with a smirk and a shrug. She sat down and made herself at home as if I had already agreed that I wanted to play Risk, and play Risk with her involved. She put her coat over her seat and looked at me, waiting for me to sit. I cracked my neck and threw my jacket in the corner and said, "Alright, let's do this. And if I win, you have to teach me that move."

The red can empty beers had piled up. The lines of powdered residue on the table were so obvious a blind man could see it. She had won. There was no contest. Raiden in a distant second.

"What is Game Theory exactly?" Raiden asked $C in a slurred, drunken, but polite tone. The three of us were sitting lounged back in our chairs smoking spliffs in defeat as $C sat surprisingly stoked and leaned forward.

"Well," she said, trying to hide her own drunken druggedness. "We're all boundedly rational agents with infinite choices. But I get to--" She stops herself mid-sentence. "It needs balance, first of all," she said as she raised one finger in the air. "And... and you guys sucked at this game."

"And since Silly won, I don’t have to teach you any moves and you have to give me a tour."

"Of the house?" I asked.

"Yeah," she said. "All else I've seen is the bathroom and that was hideous."

"Well, we have this room for Risk and dancing, and the rest is like the bathroom," I said, hoping that she didn't want to see the second floor at any point.

"What else?" she asked.

"There's the rape room in the basement," I said, in hopes that would deter her from wanting a tour.

"What about upstairs?" she quickly asked.

She was on to me just like I was on to her. She was good at that. But I was so fucked up it was hard to decipher if she was diving into something or just being inquisitive.

"Upstairs?" I said. "Upstairs, also a rape room."

"Can you show me?" she, again, quickly asked.

"You *want* to go to the depths of the second story in a house that is clearly haunted by crunked out dudes who call the basement *and* the second story the rape room?"

"Show me."

"You know what I'm up to?" I asked her.

"I want to know."

"You first," I popped back. "You started at $four two years ago, right?"

"That’s right."

"And that’s also when $four added its recommendation feature, right?" I asked.

"Soon after, yes," she said. "I’m pretty much in charge of that. I spearheaded that initiative."

"You what? Anyways, what databases do you feed off of to figure out the--" I said, interrupted by a person falling and glass breaking.

"Ouwwwww," Raiden muttered as he laid on the floor with his broken water glass surrounding his arm.

"Oh my god he’s bleeding," $C said.

The night wrapped up quickly after that, with all of us bandaging Raiden’s hand and hailing a taxi for $C. I had learned two things that night: one, that she was a dangerous Risk player, and, two, that she was in charge of $four’s recommendation engine. I was on the right track, but I had yet to get any details that I could emulate. There was a lot of thinking to do, so Francis and I headed to the roof.

"But how does a computer beat the best human player at chess?" Francis asked.

"It’s a decision tree," I said. "The machine has the luxury of going through innumerable amounts of possibilities and actually experiencing the outcomes. Then it chooses its favorite next move according to its favorite outcome."

"Then how can the human ever win?" he asked.

"Because, after a few permutations, the possibilities are almost infinite," I said. "It has to draw the line somewhere so that the game can continue in a reasonable amount of time. And sometimes it draws the line before it figured out the best move."

"Let’s just say," Francis began, scooting himself back upright on the slanted roof. "Let’s say it could go on forever."

"It could," I responded. "But no one wants to play a machine that takes *forever* to respond."

"OK," he said. "Let’s say it had more information. More information on you."

"Continue."

"Let’s say the machine knew your favorite piece was the knight, and your weakest moments were after Blitzkreig offenses. And it knew you were left-handed and 52% partial to moves on the left side of the board, and when you took a long time that meant you were working on getting your rooks and bishops out into battle." He was on to something. "If $four, or your app, could combine the machine’s ability to cycle through a billion permutations with the ability to reason with you, to convince you, to misdirect you... that would be unstoppable."

"Fuckin a, man," I mumbled. It didn’t answer how $four did what it did, but it brought to light the method of a solid future-guessing algorithm. "She said something about a blueprint when I first met her. It’s like the data actually becomes building blocks. Like how our DNA transcribes who we are going to be, from what we have been before, 4.5 billion years in the making."

"Sitting on a roof," he said. I looked at him puzzled as I sealed the rolling paper of my spliff. He was already waiting patiently with his spliff rolled. "And after all those years, this is what the blueprint has for us." He laughed. "We’re sitting on a roof, a billion years in the making!"

"You’re goddamn right!" I shouted. I hoisted myself up to stand on the steep slant, and so did Francis. We raised our plastic cups to a toast. "To billions of years of swimming around, and crawling around, and knuckle-dragging around, and --"

"And the pyramids and being slaves and shit!" Francis said.

"And the fuckin’ wars and the Gold Rush!" I shouted, bringing relevance to our location.

"And the railroads!"

"And the railroads and the undocumented migrant workers building this piece!"

"And the codes! And the house. And the dream app. And the booze!" <-- all of this is showing what the world is, use it!!!

"And the bright idea to climb up here, against our DNA’s best judgment!"

"And then," he said in a more conciliatory voice. "And then for us to stand here on--" then his voice rang louder than the rest of the night. "-- Our Pride Rock! Shootin’ the shit just cuz we wanna!"

"Shootin’ the bullshit!" I joined in.

"It’s like DNA can’t even catch us!" he shouted at the sky. "It’s like we’re moving faster than time now!"

Those words hit. Again, he uncovered more clues, mostly accidentally this time. 

It was like we were at a passage where our DNA, the core building blocks for everything we consider to be alive, had met its match. DNA was too slow. It needed tens of thousands of years of procreating generations to make its point, but this new robotic frontier was quick to act, within seconds. Of course it would win. Maybe those binary hiveminds, built by our clandestine totalitarian hands, had discovered their own existence. It’s not that our algorithms had bred something new, but that they were ready to do exactly what we taught them to do: to conquer and reproduce.

We cheersed and both nearly fell off of the roof right after our glasses collided. Francis slid a lot further than me, his drink following close behind, pouring his whiskey ginger cocktail all over him.

"I’m going down," Francis said. He tried to move with the inertia he had built from his fall into a seemingly graceful roof exit. I decided I would climb down the tree, the way we had come up.

"It’s -- AHH! -- AHH!" Francis’ voice went instantly from coherent to a female werewolf’s howl. From my view, it looked like he was adhered to the edge of the roof by his waist, no, his stomach. He was batting at the rooftop, looking for mercy. After a few seconds of that, he finally slipped over the edge as it appeared he had intended to do.

I took the last step off the tree and ran over to where he toppled. "Gawl-lee, are you okay?" I asked him as he laid in the dirt on the side of the house.

"It’s over. It’s just over," he said in a breathless voice. "It’s good now."

Francis had apparently caught his jewels on the rain gutter of the house while sliding down, sending him into a whirlwind of panic and disbelief as he was literally hanging from his jewels, with no hope of survival.

He was okay, though, probably.

*

I hobbled through the empty funeral parlor toward an open coffin. It looked comfortable. The candles around the room being the only light, off the inside of the casket's cushioned lid I could see the flickering shadow of the body inside. I walked closer, my limp and weak legs slowed my progress. I could see the tailored tuxedo and his dirty shoes. He had a book, a short story, on his chest that he held calmly. His last possession. And his face, it was me. Like standing in front of a mirror I brushed the hair from my face, and then from his. Then I saw as him, through his eyes as I laid in that coffin. The man standing above me was me. His hair grey, his beard unkempt. His lips twitched to hide back his tears. An old man, filled with regret. The coffin closed.

*

>check-in $AX $
@ La Rotonde

>check-in bri10 $
@ La Rotonde

"They’ve been around for a long time," Britten said as she closed her menu. "They’re still a privately held company. We don’t know what they’re investing in. Now everyone has $four. "

"All of the cool ideas on these devices are based off of data that we have already given it," I said. "But it’s like $four sees into the future. Or even crazier, it writes it."

"Well then, my next question is very obvious," she said. "What have you uncovered from your girlfriend?"

I knew the question was coming. "Nothing yet," I said.

She smacked her lips together in disappointment, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. "I believe in what you’re doing. Now I do." It felt like it was the first time she was talking to me and not chastising me. "And I think you’re right; your girlfriend has the answers we need. It’s that simple."

"She’s not my girlfriend," I said.

"I don’t give a shit," she said, returning to her normal demeanor.

*

"More reports of meteors around here," Karl said as he sat in front of the radio, smoking his cigar. "They’re telling people to stay inside."

"Smoking cigars inside again?" I asked.

"There’s meteors outside," he said. "I can break you off a piece."

"Hell yeah."

We stood in front of the bay windows overlooking The Bay smoking our half cigars. There were streaks in the sky from meteors that disintegrated in the atmosphere. There were already a few incidents of meteors hitting land. Their remains were extremely valuable. I uncovered that $four had twice recommended going to locations near where the meteors were going to hit. Being there too soon would mean catastrophe, but being there soon after could mean riches.

"The carnival might be canceled, they said." Karl said.

"$C said it was still on. We're meeting them there tonite. There's a lot more dangerous things at a carnival than meteors."

"Carneys," he said.

"Deep fried $Twinkies," I said.

"$Twinkies is out of business," he said.

"Well I'm out of business if I don't figure out $C's predictive recommendations."

"She really doesn't want you to go to the carnival," he said. "Maybe she knows something's going to happen."

"Good."

"I read that white paper that she wrote that you sent me," he said.

"Really?" I asked.

"Haha no."

"It's way too proof-of-concept for me to use programmatically. But it explains how a person's phone contains more personal information than any other possession in history. And how a person's behavior can be sculpted over time because they start seeing this possession as a conscience."

"But what does it all mean haha," he said.

"Means we're going to the goddamn carnival is what it means," I said as I threw my fedora at him.

"Yesh OK I'll ask Lila."

"I already asked her she said yes," I said.

There was buzz about a scary haunted house and a lot of encouragement to swarm the place with $fourmeme. $G was going to be there too. If there was an Oz curtain, it would be at this carnival, and I was about to look behind it. I was running out of time.

"Alright alright I got it!" Francis walked in the front door with a ziplock baggy held high in the air.

"Let the games begin," I said.

"Oh I don't know about that," Karl responded.

"Hahaha I got it just like I told you I would," Francis gloated. "Goomsense!"

Goomsense was a new not-yet-illegal synthetic toadstool in pill form. No sick stomach. Exact dosages.

I called $C to double-check our plans.

"It's just a carnival, $C, no big deal," I said to her.

"OK. But like we agreed, you stay by my side the whole time, you don't play any of the games, and I'll only talk to you."

"Sure fine whatever. Near the stage. See you then," I said.

She sighed. "See you then."

*

This was a textbook carnival: poorly built rides, all the colors of the bow, trashy folk, all of it. The freak show was only in town for one night, it had never been there before, and would most likely never legally continue, so we all made a night out of it.

A phone playing a live video shows up in front of my face. It’s facing me showing me in a cowboy hat and a girl next to me wearing daisy dukes. It’s me and $C on her $fourcam.

"Nice one," I say. I turn around to hug her. Melody is with her. "That looked pretty real."

"We’re going to that rodeo tomorrow, remember?" she asks.

"I remember," I say. "Good job $four. You told it, huh?"

"It’s getting sooo good!" she says in excitement. "The show’s about to start at the main stage. Let’s get up there! Stay by my side." Melody pulls out a contraption holding $gummy shots, and they both shoot two each.

"Here comes $G," I say, half amused, trying to pay attention through the Goomsense trickle.

>check-in $AX $
@ $G

My phone chimes in my pocket. It says I just checked in to '$G'.

"What the fuck," I say. "$C, why did my phone just check me in to $G?"

>check-in $AX $
@ $C

I look at her for an answer. She looks at me like she's surprised. Then my phone chimes again. This time it says I've checked in to '$CX'.

"Hahaha dude this app is losing it," I say. "Check it out Francis, I just checked in to $C."

"More like checked her out," Francis says. "You wish you checked *in* hahaha."

It chimes again.

>check-in $AX
@ francix

"It knows who I'm interacting with. Awesome!" I exclaim.

I think I know what's going on. A man with a tablet in his hand steps closer to me looking at my phone. He does the 'kill it' motion to another man wearing a headset.

"Lila," I turn to face Lila. "Watch this Lila I'm about to check in to *you*. Watch."

"Hey man," Karl says. "She's mine."

"Lila hey hi how are you so I says to mables I says," I say to Lila, pretending to have a conversation with her. "We're talking hey hi. Hey -- hmm. Stopped working."

Karl is clearly much farther along on his Goomgsense ingestion than myself. He's playing with the tassels on his sweatshirt.

I walk up to a mother and child and greet them. "Good evening to the both of you. Of you too." Nothing. $C is at my side like a concubine. I see her motion to the guy with the tablet to let him know it's OK.

"$C, come onnnn," I say. "Let me in on this. $four's picking up on my... Oh boy here we go." The psychedelics just kicked in for sure.

Francis comes running up. I didn't know he had walked away or how much time had passed.

"There's a thing over here like a tent thing," he says.

"Yeah tent let's go," I say.

"No!!" $C quickly exclaims. "No hon, let's stay here."

"Hon?" I say. She had never called me anything like that before and I was kind of sick of her shit. There's a handful of tablet-holding serious men walking around, some of them looking at me. This is some sort of experiment, and she wouldn't admit it to me.

"Let's go do tent," I tell Francis. "See you guys later."

"$A," $C says in a whimpy voice. "We had a deal."

"Yeah well being your fucking guinea pig wasn't part of the deal." I walk away with Francis as he's pointing toward a large tent with people wandering around inside.

"No," $C says as she grabs my arm. "I'm going with you."

"Fine," I say.

The two clowns welcoming people into the tent also have earpieces. The drug may be impairing my judgment but this tent looks like a lot of fun.

They motion us in without a word.

Everyone inside is wandering around with their phones out $fourcam'ing the experience. The music is dancy and everyone's having a great time. There doesn't appear to be any other purpose of this tent but to cam each other. There must be something special about this tent.

I'm pulling my phone out when I notice Francis already has his out giggling at what he sees.

"What is it?" I ask him.

"Hahahaha dude where are we?"

My $fourcam shows him without any extras. $C has a tornado-like wind swirling around her. She has a red liquid decorating her hair, even more when her neck turned so.

I mozy away from my friends to enjoy the psychedelics and the $fourcam. It's way more realistic than normal. None of the usual fantasy creatures floating around. Seconds later, $C is again by my side.

A girl, clearly drunk, walks up to me with her phone pointed at me. "Haha you're all wet," she says.

"Haha wet means PCP I think." I say to her. $C smiles at her in apology as she rests her head on my shoulder. "This is Goomsense. Let’s see what you are."

I point the cam at her. "You're -- oh my god. Not good not good!"

"Hahaha you're drunk," she says and walks away.

My cam stays on her. The clarity of the damage to her head is far too real. Her entire top half is covered in blood, her face bludgeoned and disfigured. There's yellow paint all over her clothes. I see a couple other people distance themselves from her as they look through their cam. Some point and show their friends.

"$C what the fuck!" I scream. "She's dead! Oh my god."

She tries to calm me down by rubbing my back. "It's just a game, calm down."

"No. No that wasn't funny. Other people see it too," I tell her with a shaky voice. "What is this? Where am I?"

A man with a headset approaches me and puts his hand on my shoulder and directs me to leave with the other hand. He speaks into his mic. One of the front door clowns turns around.

"We have to go," $C says. "You're making a scene."

"Fuck this," I say in defiance. "Fuck that clown!" 

As the clown approaches me I tell him to come hither with my middle finger. I walk faster than the headset guy holding my shoulder. That clown has something that I want. He thinks this is going to be a peaceful exit.

"You're in on this too!" I say to the clown as he readies his grip on my forearm. I swing my arms to free myself and grab at his face. His stupid clown hat is getting in the way.

"Station!" I hear him yell. Now we're in a prison scuffle. I smash my hand hard against the front of his neck as I position my leg behind his ankle. With one swift jut his feet go flying into the air. We both topple to the ground, a dirt flurry pluming into the air. Through the thick dust, I grab at his left ear. Nothing there. He gets a couple good blows to my chest. I can't breathe well. I scratch at the right side of his face. Booyah. I feel the device loosen itself from his ear. I got it. I squeeze it in my palm tight. This bitch fight is over. Another worker puts his boot on my head. I stop my onslaught and slither backward to free my head from the boot. I roll over and see $C with her hands over her mouth, horrified. I get to my feet just as another clown bear hugs me and lifts me into the air. The earpiece is still held tight in my clenched fist.

"Let him go he's with me," she pleads. The clown sees her and drops me. "Oh my god $A what is wrong with you?!"

The workers are standing all around me ready to swing, wanting to swing. "Let's go," I tell her. I spit some dirt out of my mouth, making sure not to make eye contact with any of them.

She hurries me out of the tent. Karl and Lila are standing outside. "Um, we should go," Karl says.

Lila and $C brace each other as if they've never seen a goomer and a clown battle it out in a circus tent.

"Hahahahaha," Francis stumbles out of the tent laughing. "You're a maaaniac!"

"Let's go. Now," I instruct them.

I can feel the vibrations of the earpiece in my palm.

I hurry us away from the tent.

"He's leaving. He's with 4-2."

"Is Plaza clear?"

"Plaza clear."

Then there’s silence on the earpiece. I inspect it for a mic. There is none. Good. I don’t want $C to see what I have so I put it on my ear and flip my hood over my head.

"Eagle confirmed. Site B1 to D7."

"Eagle failed. Site B1 to D9. Increase Eclipse on D7. We need her to go to D7."

"Eclipse increased on D7."

"Kill $fourcam on all Plaza. People are starting to notice."

"Hey guys, this is Station. We have, uh, I need Game Theory on this. There’s an individual showing 95% Eagle. She has been all night. She's in Plaza. It doesn’t look good. It’s been six hours. Everything accurate, but, uh, it doesn’t look good."

"Station, this is Black. Do not interfere. Carry on."

I recognize that voice. That voice is Daemon’s, $four’s CEO. The lingo was cryptic, but I could tell that some of them were worried about something. And Daemon told them to stand down.

"My ride’s over here, guys," Lila said. It wasn’t easy for her to keep us all corralled together as we wandered through the lot since Karl, Francis, and I were high as kites. And $C and Melody had enjoyed a few $gummy shots, although Melody was not around.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the girl from the tent, the one who was covered in blood. She was laughing with her friends, stumbling through the parking lot. I wanted to tell her what I saw on her in the tent, and how horrible it was.

"You in the pants!" I shout at her. $C immediately yanks the tassels on my hood to face her square on.

"We’re leaving, *right now*," she tells me with eyes wide open and no smile to show.

"Be safe my friend!" I shout at her again. She didn’t hear me.

"I just want to lean against a tree with all my friends," Karl says.

The travel home was Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride, Goodie Lila at the small helm. Lights flying by, voices drifting in the wind. With my arms spread out screaming at the sky, it was a galactic spaceship tour of the Milky Way, the now hundreds of meteors racing us down the pike.

Karl and Lila had set up the bedding in the living room for $C (before I could get a word in edge-wise). Lila tuned the Glass to the local news. There was a news report that sounded serious.

"That's so sad," Lila said.

"I wish someone could have stopped that," Karl said.

>*"... at the first ever county fair. It's a..."*

My mind inebriated and my vision blurred, the pictures on the television come in to view. There was an accident.

>*"... A young woman... walking home... It could not have been predicted..."*

The news report shown a large caravan on its side with yellow paint still spilling from its carriage. Red, white, and blue lights flashing like lasers in my eyes.

Young woman. Yellow paint. Carnival. No.

"No. No no no," I say as I lift myself out of my Lay-Z-Boy. "That was her. I saw her. I saw her there."

No one paid mind to my mumbles.

"I saw her, I met her," I say, looking around at my friends. "She was dead and I saw it."

Karl and Francis had already passed out in their chairs and Lila wasn’t in the room anymore.

$C lay in her comfortings, looking at me with no emotion, just listening.

"I saw it, $C," I tell her, pleading with her to understand me. "She was in the tent."

Still, no sign of emotion from her.

"She had car accident marks on her in the tent!" I say. "I tried to tell you."

I look around at the others, thoroughly passed out, understandably so. I would be too if I didn't just see the worst thing I had ever seen.

She raises her eyebrows at me in disinterest.

"You." I point at her just like I did the clown. "You knew. You knew. You did nothing."

She wipes the tired from her eyes, comfortably tucked in beneath her blankets.

"$A," she says, annoyed with me. "It's late. We should go to sleep."

She closes her eyes to further her cause.

"No. No," I say, staring her down, making sure the vitriol flowing through my blood was obvious. "You tell me right now. What just happened?"

She opens her eyes. "Go. To. Sleep. $A."

"Get up right fucking now," I tell her.

I walk over to her while she lay on the couch, mostly unscathed by anything I've said. I grab both of her shoulders and lift her completely upright, the blanket draping down at her feet. I bring my face a millimeter away from hers and grip her arms tightly to make sure she knows I'm talking directly to her and her only.

"Fucking tell me right fucking now fucking tell me bitch this isn’t a game anymore I could have stopped someone from getting their face smashed in from a carnival truck what is it with you and carnivals anyways?! Tell me!"

With one swift plant of her palm in my eye followed a solid push with both of her hands to my chest, I fall.

One swift plant of her palm in my eye followed by two more to the chest, I dropped.

"Don't ever fucking touch me," she says calmly.

Lila runs out of Karl's room looking like she has just seen a ghost.

A mix of Goomsense, pain, and regret travel through my body, stinging.

"He deserved it," $C tells Lila as she steps over my body and picks up her purse from the coffee table. "Goodnite, Lila."

"Um, goodnight," Lila responds.
