■

I wanted to tell my roommates about the hilarious night I had, but they were still asleep. I needed my rest too, so I passed out and slept like a log.

I woke up a while later to the crackling of gunfire and explosions. It was time to get up.

"You fuckin chance!" Francis yelled at his Glass with one hand on the keys and the other sliding weapons across the screen. "Nah nah, I kid I kid. What up Ander," he said as he welcomed me to the new day without breaking his concentration from the battlefield in front of him. "Did you gather that intel you were looking for last night? How'd it go?"

"Dude it was awesome. I met this girl and her friend and I think I kissed her friend. I don't know." I tried to recount what exactly had happened. "It was like a dream I swear."

"Niiice," he said in a congratulatory tone while readjusting his earmuffs and gamer glasses.

I slid into the shower, thinking it might help me piece together the night before. Some of it seemed real, and some of it seemed like I had dreamt it by my hitch. I toweled off and wiped the fog from the mirror. The reflection revealed a small vertical incision on my chest. It looked manmade. Or womanmade, although those were usually on my back.

I suited up for the coldness swirling around my bartop desk and got back to work. It was already in fairly stable condition: the app could track the player's movement, allowing them to claim geographical areas and reap the virtual bounty.

The end goal of Rose Garden was to encourage development of socially positive businesses in places that would have otherwise gone ignored. Popular places that were already succeeding would be saturated in players trying to reap the rewards of those establishments, but the abundance of players in that area would dilute each player's gain, encouraging them to look into more obscure areas, like districts of lesser means.

One milestone of success was for a nearby slum to increase its educational ratings within the next couple of years as a result of actions taken by Rose Garden. It was a feat nearly impossible to accomplish, but I was confident that if I could get the funding and interest in this app, then we would see a New Vegas type of growth in places that were not expected to succeed.

There was fresh grub to be had, so Francis and I walked to the new dump down the street. He brought his radio tuned to a bulletin about a ventriloquist named Hilbert coming to town, followed by a permanent flow of nonsensical chatter.

I ordered the classic and took a seat near the front. I put my coin into my wallet and saw a metal card with a finely etched image of a desolate plain at sundown. I squinted to see a character in the distance: a smiling jack-in-the-block joker skipping along. I froze. The joker's face kind of looked like that magic guy from the night before. The caption below the image read:

HILBERT

"Dude, check this out!" I began to hand Francis the card before he was even halfway to our table.

"Hilbert!" he said. "Hilbert's coming to town. I heard about this on that garbage radio."

"I met this guy last night," I explained.

"You met the clown on the Joker card or you met Hilbert the dummy? Either way, that's pretty cool."

"No, it was some showman guy, like the kind you see at a carnival sideshow. He wasn't doing ventriloquist stuff. He stole my wallet." I knew my words made little sense, but it was difficult to describe quickly.

"He put this in my wallet, but I forgot he said that. Then I told him that there was an ass in his--" I stopped my vulgarity just as our order landed. "He's one of $C's friends. $C is the girl from last night."

"Good job, man," he said. "I think the radio said he'll be at The Gin tonite."

"Then we're going," I responded. "Let's kill this gruel quick so I can get back to my post."

I needed to get as much work done as possible before then to ensure meeting my deadline. Rose Garden had to be a loosely stitched prototype by the morrow or the investors would second-guess my team's ability to deliver in a timely fashion.

Most of the necessary game mechanics were in place for a very rudimentary version. I tied into various maps for landmarks and business locations, public tax documents for revenues, census data for population density, police reports for criminal activity, $four for the motherload of human traffic stats, and a handful of manual entries for things that lacked mineable data.

For a game like this, it wasn't always clear what to set certain constants to, like how many beacons a player starts with to lay claim to areas or how much reputation a player earns, but these were all adjustable once our beta group began playing the game and churning through the algorithms. Some aspects were simple, like less crime meant more points. Other aspects were very subjective, like what more churches should earn an area or whether more bars was a good thing. It was clearly skewed to my personal beliefs, but all of that was adjustable once we saw it in action.

Players could place their beacons near locations that they thought would become successful. Beacons could span any chosen distance for any chosen amount of time. The more precise the beacon, the heavier the reward.

One of the biggest missing components was whether the game had a victory for a player or went on infinitely. And what were the real-world rewards? I intentionally left those unanswered because of their complexity and also to give the investors a void to throw their idiot ideas into until something fit.

The prototype now had just enough of a heartbeat to trek wildly into the unknown, but I didn't expect them to know where it could go. I didn't know either.

* * *

The night had begun. We lit our spliffs and began the walk to The Gin.

"What are you going to do if she's there?" Francis inquired.

"Play it off like I remember everything and it was a great party," I replied.

"What if she's jonesing for me?" His half-witted remark lacked the sarcasm it should have been delivered with.

"You go after her friend, or at least keep her friend busy," I answered. "She's fly and kind of a firecracker."

"Didn't you already kiss her friend?"

"Not really," I explained the Lady and the Tramp moment with the whiskey drink, and then went on to detail the rest of the night that I could remember.

We found an open spot at the bar that was close to the stage.

A few minutes later, the lights dimmed, and one of the barkeeps spoke into the mic.

"Without further ado, Hilbert!" the announcer said, clapping, as a figure in a striped shirt and blue blazer emerged from the darkness behind him.

He introduced himself as Hilbert and gave a complimentary word to the crowd. From a white block with red polka dots, he produced a wooden dummy, dressed just like him. "I'd like you all to meet Hilbert." I found it odd that he and the dummy bore the same name. With his hand already buried underneath the back of its shirt, the doll began to cough.

"Thanks for getting me out of that block," the dummy's nasal voice complained. "Who are all these people? I thought you said we were going to the…"

I didn't come here to see a grown man talk to a doll. I came here to find my lady in the red dress. I scanned the room, then realized that she was most likely not still wearing a red dress.

"OK, she's pretty tall, really blonde, pouty lips, I don't know what else," I told Francis.

"What about her friend?"

"Not as tall. Brunette. She had that sinister cat eyes eyeliner when I saw her. And bangs."

"Melody."

We both looked around the room for a minute, but to no avail. I told Francis there was no guarantee they would be here. Either way, we were going to enjoy our spirits and have a good time.

When I looked at the audience through my Squarecam, there were dozens of artistic Squarememes floating around the venue. A couple transparent colorful unicorns prancing around the tops of everyone’s heads, clearly made by a very skilled artist, and a few people with the usual animal heads in place of their own. Sights like those where so many memes were condensed in a small area and interacting with one another made the real world seem so dull. When I put the phone away I noticed that most of the crowd was actually just wearing their customary all-black wardrobes.

"Oh shit. I almost forgot to check in," I mentioned to Francis as I booted up $four. It was still on $CX's profile.

>check-in $CX $
@ The Cotton Gin

"See if she checked in here," Francis suggested as he looked at my phone curiously.

He was right. She had checked in a minute ago. I felt the giddiness overwhelm me. With this full house, I figured that meant she was probably near the door.

"There you go," Francis says as he motions his head toward the door. There she is, looking right at us, showing a bit of excitement herself.

I shimmy my way through the crowd to greet her. "$C, funny to see you here." I tried to hide my anxiety with a stupid comment as we hugged.

"Really?" she replies. "Actually it's funny to see *you* here. Hi $A."

"Come sit with me and my friend," I say as I point toward Francis who nods back. We make our way to our seats with Francis getting up to let her sit.

After their greetings we focus back on the show. I waited a few minutes to ask her, to make it seem like I was enjoying the show, which to my surprise I was. "So is Melody with you?" Francis and I held our breaths for her answer.

"Oh you remember Melody!" she says happily. "She'll be here in a few. Save a spot for her. Where's the loo?"

"Behind the stage," I reply as I point to the hall behind the performance. She slips off the barstool in her painted on jeans and made her way. While Hilbert the dummy was in the middle of one of his bits, he follows her with his eyes, step for step, to the point where his head is turned all the way around when she finally gets to the door.

>check-in francix $
@ The Cotton Gin

>check-in ander $
@ The Cotton Gin

"Oo la la!" the dummy remarks at $C. She waves at him and closes the door behind her. The crowd laughs. I pretend to laugh.

"Niiice," Francis says in approval.

"Melody's fly too," I assure him.

"She better not be with some dude."

"If she is, we'll scare him off," I assure him again. "We're good at that."

>check-in melodic $
@ The Cotton Gin

"Silly!" a girl's voice excitedly rings out. $C gives Melody a strong hug as if they hadn't seen each other for a long time. Melody then turns to me. "I remember you."

"Hi," I say. We give each other a quick hug, just long enough to qualify as a hug, with a world's distance between us.

"And?" She questions.

"And... I missed you?" I question back.

"Aaand, this must be your friend Francix." as she looks over my shoulder at Francis who wears a grin as full as his beard.

"Hahaha," he chuckles. "Greetings."

"How did you know him?" I ask.

She keeps her gaze on him as she answers. "$four, dummy."

"Ahahaha," Francis chuckles again, as if he is a wind-up toy with two lines.

"Let's get another go," I suggest. Everyone was on board.

The night went smoothly, and I successfully dodged any mention of Rose Garden. The traveling clown joined our cuatro after his performance, shared a couple jokes, and was off. I'm pretty sure he recognized me.

The whole night I couldn't decide whether I should chat up $C like I wanted to or extract computational secrets from her. She was sharp and on her toes, though. Taking what I needed from this gem would not go unnoticed.

She was one of few in their game theory department who worked on the core mechanics of the app down to the metal. She would know the secrets of how it flowed, what worked and what didn't, and how to *cause* the players to do what they wanted them to do. It was clear they were creating playful rivalries between players, but recently the app started recommending strange actions, like checking in to natural disasters before they happened and rewarding the player generously for being there.

"Your hair looks cute in a bun like that," I say.

"You think?" $C says as she studies me for veracity and tightens her hair.

Francis takes Melody's hand as he leads her to the dance floor. There was a female vocalist who had taken the stage singing some kickass rock 'n roll jams with her raspy soulful voice.

"You know what else I think?" I ask.

"What?" she asks back as she pounds the last of her drink and grabs my hand in haste, pulling me toward the dance floor.

"My thoughts exactly," I say, slightly disappointed that she beat me to my own punchline.

When the tatt'ed out singer wrapped up her set, so did we. On the street in front of The Gin, I exchanged numbers with $C. Melody and Francis did the same. Finally.

The walk home was the usual debriefing of "I did this then I did that I should have done this should I have done that."

"Still no intel. Fuck." I spat on the ground.

"She's on her game, chance," Francis replied. "She avoided all of your questions about details on that shit. She's on to you."

"You think?" I asked.

"Doesn't matter," he said.

"Doesn't matter," I agreed.

The rest of the walk home was silent as we pondered our small victories. It was a successful night, and it was just the beginning.
