The Sky Tore
============

The sky tore open to reveal its dark electric internals, a rift in time and space. It made no sense but there it was. I knew that whatever was happening was irreversible. Beyond fear of my death or that of anyone I loved, I felt a fear that whatever I was seeing was more powerful than my mind could understand, and more powerful than this world was able to handle. Clearly. The sky was tearing apart. I saw the history of existence coming to an end. This could actually be the end of the end of the end.

The singed edges pulled apart with a nasty rumble. I felt a cool deathly wind begin to cover my skin. Was it real or was it just my fright? At this point, nothing was real or unreal, really. My mind came back to reality to visit my worldly concerns: is she ok? I pulled my eyes from the ripping universe to see if there was danger to her beyond the obvious inevitable oblivion. She was also transfixed on the sky. A light hail of tiny silver icicles hit the dirt field that we stood upon. They were so sharp that they stood erect on the ground after incising the earth. She noticed me looking at her with bewilderment. Her gaze back at me, though, was one that was all too clear: she was ready to say goodbye. No. Not a human nor nature nor God herself was allowed to harm her. This cannot be, and it will not be.

Don't say goodbye. I am more powerful than you know, my dear friend. And now is when I will show you, now is when the sands of time have reared their vengeful face and it is nothing to me. You are everything. It's not those words that speak so sweetly in books and movies and songs, or those places that are so beautiful that a smile and silence are the only response. It is not that lust that I have for you every waking moment, for your perfect body, with those calligraphic curves, your toned complexion, your legs that go on forever, your unreal face that was crafted with the most expert precision, your expressions that leave me speechless when you say so much with no words at all, your soft pouty lips, flowing blonde hair that fucking glows. There is something that I now realize must continue, and that is you. You possess a compassion and a beauty that this ending world knows it cannot do without. Is that what is happening right now? The cosmos is about to lose you so it has decided to self-destruct?

* * *

"I'm trying to be cordial, dumb dumb," she replies when I asked her why she just curtsied to the bellboy. Her crimson dress was the exact color of freshly oxygenated blood. Her drink was a layered gold and orange and red Mai Tai that matched nicely with her dress and her cherry lip gloss. The night sky with the warm subtle outdoor lighting was making her image all the more majestic. It was a little over the top, but then again everything about her was.

"I'm sure he appreciated it", I say with a sarcastic smile implying that she was still being silly regardless. "A red dress at a cocktail gala, kind of devilish don't you think?"

"It's not my fault all the other girls are wearing black", she says.

"I guess it's just --", I try to explain before she cuts me off.

"But, shhhh", she leans in and tells me. "It's what's under my dress that's best."

"Uh, well yeah, but -- ", again I can't finish my sentence.

"No, you dog."

"I'm not a dog."

"No, I mean look," still with her voice lowered so only I can hear. She hikes up the right side of her dress just enough so I can see what she has strapped to her thigh.

"What the fuck? Is that a flask?" I'm so confused.

"It's like Jessica Rabbit", she proclaims as she tries to hide her giggles, as if she's done something so clever.

"You do know it's an open bar, right?", I level with her. "This mansion party is sponsored by $four. You know, that company you work for?"

She looks at me with an empty stare as if she's waiting for me to speak even though I just did.

"And Jessica Rabbit? I don't remember her packing a flask," I say as I try again to understand where this girl's coming from. "What's your name anyways?"

"$C. And you drew a picture of Jessica Rabbit and she had a flask on her hip just like this." Again, she shows me the strapped flask.

"How -- what -- I mean I did but how did you see that? That was years ago. I'm $A by the way."

"I know."

"You know. Yeah you do know... somehow. Alright I'm confused. Can I take a pull from your flask? It'll help me get more disoriented."

She looks slyly away, then produces the flask from under her dress, and hands it to me while still looking paranoidly toward the large double doors of the castle-like structure that we are standing outside of.

I grab it from her extended hand very obviously and fearlessly, because I know nobody gives a shit. The liquor, kind of warm, tastes like whiskey. Irish whiskey.

"Mmm hooo ouw yeah", I exclaim from its sharp flavor, mostly due to its warmth.

"Yeah?", she asks with her eyes fixed on mine.

"Yeah, definitely." I hand it back to her as I wipe the wetness from my lips. "Jessica Rabbit, huh?"

"You sound surprised." She leans against a railing that separates us from some sort of cliff, the night’s darkness making it impossible to see what's below. She dangles the flask in her hand nonchalantly, contradicting her original paranoid glances.

"I drew that once in college and I don't even know where it is anymore," I explain. "Where did you go?" She names off a university I've never heard of or couldn't recollect, nor did I really care.

"Is that a Mai Tai? That's my favorite," I say, trying to move the conversation away from the trippy convo of art from my past that somehow she knows about.

"Yeah. You like chick drinks."

"Yup," I admit. "I also like chicks."

"What kind?"

"The best kind."

"You're stupid," she replies, looking at me as if I'm to say something clever after that. Everything about her was clever or stupid, I couldn't tell which. But I liked it. If it wasn't for her Jessica Rabbit comments, I'd simply be attracted to her, but she derailed that emotion with her odd behavior. But I liked that too.

There was an almost awkward silence for a bit, but I was ok with it because it gave me a chance to judge her, up and down: her dress, her striking appearance, her tipsiness, her glowing hair.

"$four's great," I say, trying again to have a normal conversation with her.

"I love $four!" she says, as if I mentioned something original, despite the fact that we were clearly at a $four-hosted event. "Let's be friends."

"Yeah let's. And we are. Now."

"In this dumb dumb." She pulls out her phone and taps the screen a few times.

We tapped our phones together and less than a second later my phone chirped with a message letting me know she had found me, connected with me, and now knew everywhere I had been in the past few years. But then again, she already knew me, somehow.

We both dove into our phones, digging into each other's lives via an app that lets people narcissistically track *themselves* wherever they go. The $four app had matured a lot in the past year, though. It not only offered a historical footprint of the places the player had been, but suggested where they should go next. And I needed to figure out how it did that. Maybe she knew. Maybe she was enough sheets to the wind to let some secrets slip.

“Everything we do now is like a footprint, written into history,” I say.

“It’s more like a blueprint,” she says. “Put it all together and you can... build things.”

She'd been to a bar near the convention center we were all just at. She'd been to a carnival. A club. City of light. And then a bunch of other things that didn’t exactly register with the app. There were strange characters for the names of geographic locations that I had never heard of. Probably some sort of insider lingo.

"That City is so awesome," I say to relate to her. "I was there once for a couple of days." I wish I had something better to say than just "I've been there" but nothing surfaces in my brain.

I focused the the app’s camera on her, hoping for some useful information from the image it would create. The app added a sparkling glisten to her dress and made her hair bright red. It added a knife strapped to her leg just above the flask holster. It was my drawing from years ago. $four’s Squarecam had enhanced her image to make her appear as my Jessica Rabbit drawing. I shook my head in disbelief and put my phone away. $four had noticed a similarity to the girl in front of me and a piece of art I made and animated it on her person through the camera.

She rigged the flask back into its holster. "I'm gonna go back inside," she said while resetting her dress back to an appropriate length.

I felt worried that she was going to get away from me, but I wasn't sure that I cared all that much. "Wait." I try to hide the urgency in my voice but it was too late.

"For what?" she asks condescendingly.

"For me." I had sparked a spliff when I went outside and that's why I went outside but somehow it was gone. I didn't remember finishing it or smothering its ashes. It was just gone.

I take a few steps toward the mansion and extend my arm in a motion to suggest that she wrap hers around mine. I felt nervous giving her the opportunity to shoot me down outright, but I felt confidence and determination even more. I wasn't going to let her get away. Not yet.

Without hesitation she wraps her arm around mine. I give a nod to her, and she half a smile to me.

We entered the main entrance together. A white cat casually passed by my feet, smoothing its coat on my threads, and it eased my tension. The white cat's gaze told me, *You're good, continue on.* I watched him disappear into the dense crowd along the edges of the main walkway. It's like the guests had preemptively cleared a path for me and $C, and there was even a red carpet for fuck's sake. A tall man notices us near the entrance, then brings his attention back to his cocktail-dressed date, pretending he didn't give me that "Bullshit you" look. It causes me a sly grin.

Her walk was proud and leading; her chest could not have been postured more pronounced. Several girls give her the once-over, then a fraction of a look at me. The usual.

"Ugh", she sighed, maybe in reference to those girls' judgmental stares. "Anyways, do you like magic?"

"Yeah for sure!" I exclaim, because I love magic. "What kind?"

"The best kind", she says in a deeper voice, mocking my earlier identical statement. "I think I know where it is."

As we were walking to the main ballroom, not 10 feet away from it, she slid from linking arms to holding hands as she led me down a large hall to the parlor. There was laughter and clapping beaming through the corridor. She was so far in front of me, pulling me, that I could see the fitness in her arm, and an ass to match.

"These are my friends!" Her voice had become much more high pitched and excited. The first thing I noticed in the room was the wily gentleman who stood in front of a burning fireplace surrounded by five or so guests absorbing his show. Did he just pull an Ace from behind someone's ear? Yes he did. They clapped and laughed.

"$C!", the showman belted upon first sight of her. "Sit down, sit down. We're just getting started. And your friend, he is welcome too." He gestured with both hands for us to sit in an empty section of the giant leather lounge couch. "And what do you call yourself?", he asked me as he put his hand on my lower back to hurry me to sit. A little too low if you ask me.

"The fuck?"

"You call yourself 'The Fuck'?" he gayly snapped back at me with that carnival sideshow grin.

"What, well, no. I mean, I should, but... I'm $A." I trailed off, feeling glad I was even able to finish my sentence.

"Alright $A, may I use you in my next trick?"

"Sure thing."

"$A, how much coin do you have in your wallet?" he asked.

"Plenty."

"No, $A, that is incorrect. You have no coin in your wallet. In fact, you don't even have a wallet!" The crowd laughed. I pressed my pocket and it wasn't there. That son of a bitch. "But that's ok, I'll give it back to you. I sorted it, thanks for playing!"

The slight humiliation stung, and in front of $C no less. I felt I needed to earn a couple points back, and at his expense. I just had to wait for the right moment.

"Silly!", a cocktail poptart yelped from the hallway. "I've been looking all over for you, girl." She cut right in the middle of the performance and grabbed $C's free hand. So quickly she whisked her up and away. $C didn't hesitate.

I lifted myself up to follow, but not so quickly that my intentions would be obvious. Sideshow guy noticed my departure and attempted one last jab. "And hey buddy," he began. "If you find an Ace in your wallet, it wasn't me ahahaha!" The crowd laughed again, on cue, as they always did.

"Oh and hey buddy", I replied. I turned around right before the hallway to face everyone, with my arms shrugging. "And if you find an ass in your cock, it wasn't me ahahaha!"

All jaws dropped, all smiles gone. Sideshow looked especially teary-eyed.

"$A!" $C yelled, unimpressed, from down the hall. Apparently I was right behind those girls.

Trying to save face, I point at the closest girl sitting in front of me. "It was her!" They all laughed!

$C had held her friend back waiting for me. She looked at me with surprise, but her smile still shone through. She liked it. I jogged down the hall to meet them. I heard the tapping of fork to glass as the crowd headed toward the main ballroom.

"Shoot, I need a drink." I muttered to myself and kind of to $C. "Bar's all the way across the room." The room was too packed to get through without being a jerk. She looked at me like *come on*, and did that sly surveying with her eyes as she leaned down to pretend to fix her heel. I could see her friend to her right, the one who'd whisked her away. Looking at her a second time, I realized she actually looked really good, unlike before when she was stealing away my night's project.

$C straightened and handed me the flask. "An open bar's not so open if you can't --", she moved closer to whisper, "-- fucking get to it."

I nodded my submissive agreement. She grabbed the empty glass from her friend's hand and gave it to me. "Silly!" her friend yelped in the same intonation as before.

"You two can share", $C explained as she repositioned herself so that her friend was now in between us. "This is Melody."

"Hi I'm Melody," she says.

"I'm $A. Pleasure to meet you. Can I make you a drink and share it with you?"

"Sure what is it?" she asks.

"It's a fine Irish whiskey, warmed nicely on $C's leg, mixed with nothing, served in a champagne flute." She giggles. I pour.

"Thank you, kind sir," she replies in an overly polite voice, keeping with the little skit we were doing. I hand her the glass, but instead of taking it from me, she grips the stem over my fingers so that I can't let go. Her closer arm wraps around the back of my neck and pulls me toward her. With the drink between us, she raises it, and I raise it too. "Cheers," she says as we smile at each other. She tilts the glass slightly more toward me, implying that I was to take the first sip. But then her plan unfolds. She brings her lips adjacent to mine like the glass is a mic and we are a duet. The whiskey would have fallen through the space between, so, naturally, we both complete the seal on the bottom of the glass by moving our whiskey-loving puckers to slightly touch one another's. And this is no simple whiskey shot. She forces the tilt of the glass so that the entire flute full of whiskey pours out equally for the both of us.

She lets go of the glass causing me to almost drop it. We wince at the sharp warm flavor, and I feel myself blushing.

Wait, had I just kissed $C's friend?

"Don't worry," Melody whispers to me. "I'm not trying to kiss you. I just want to make sure you smell nice for Silly."

"Do I?", I ask as she begins to switch spots with "Silly".

"You have an enchanting musk," she replies.

Another set of fork-to-glass chimes ring, right on the hour.

"Ssssh," $C whispers. "Daemon's about to talk."

At the base of the enormous stairwell in the middle of the enormous ballroom, what looked like the center of the fucking universe, was a 50-something man wearing a dark suit and a stern expression. His silence caused a rippling silence around him. He looked important.

"Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for coming out tonight." He spoke even more sternly than he appeared. "It is an honor to be surrounded by so many bright and talented individuals. I hope you all checked in."

The ballroom burst into laughter. I laughed too, but then again, I was almost really drunk at that point so I would have laughed at anything.

"We made $four for one purpose: to know each other better. I will credit myself with the idea, and you all with making that dream a reality. An idea is just an idea, but a dream is..."

God knows what else he said after that. A few minutes later, he was handed a drink as he wrapped up with a toast. "And now, it is not just an app, it is an--"

*Eeeeeeeeeeeeeevillllll

eeeeeeeevvvvillllllll*

"What the fuck was that?!" I involuntarily belted, luckily only loudly enough for a few nearby people to look at me funny. I swore I heard a screeching Golem-like voice trounce whatever the host was saying. Nobody else reacted. I shook off the shiver that trickled up and down my spine.

A sea of glasses rose in a toast. I must've missed the last bit. Everyone cheersed and clapped and clapped. I followed suit and raised my glass to hide whatever just happened. I wanted to see Daemon's face one more time, so I kept tilting my head left and right to get a glimpse of him again, but there were so many people in the way.

And then, bam. I saw him. He was staring right at me. The next moment he was hidden behind the thickness of the crowd. I was drunk, and trippin'. I turned to converse with the girls once again, and thank goodness they were still there. They were both talking to different people. $C noticed I was staring at her, probably drunkenly as hell. I needed a drink. She motioned "one moment" to the gentleman she was talking to and walked over to me. She put her hand along my chin and said something to me that sounded so sweet and nice, words I didn't deserve at that moment, not sure what she said though. The last thing I remember was her slowly bringing her hand over my eyes and that was it. The rest of the night was a blur.

I woke up next to my hitch. It was morning and it was so bright. And there was puke on my leg. I was on the street a good distance from the mansion. Nobody was around. The mansion looked bleak and empty. I wondered what had happened the rest of the night, and how I got back here. I didn't, however, wonder why there was puke on my leg. I felt my pockets for my necessities: keys, phone, wallet, tobaccy. Everything was there. I was stoked. I needed coffee.

The liesurely roll into the nearby wine country town was peaceful. It was bustling with the usual weekend brunch crowd and cheese enthusiasts. I stopped in front of a little café to get a bucket of black coffee, with a simple croissant to soak up the remaining alcohol still floating around in my gut.

I pulled out my phone in hopes that it would narrate what had happened the night before. There were no pictures or messages or calls or new contacts. Then I looked in the notes section where I would sometimes jot down reminders for blacked out occasions like this one. There was one line. It read, "sillE red dress frend is meldy." It started coming back to me, $C and her friend Melody. But no number. I was disappointed.

I finished my breakfast and hopped on my ride. The small town café was cool enough to remember, so I opened the app to check in. And there she was: "$CX." I had her. It wasn't a complete loss! I turned on my arias, rolled a spliff, and rode happily home.
