
■■

■■

■


"Hey man we're here," Karl said on the other side of the line.

"Where?" I asked.

"At that phone booth that Foursquare mentioned to you," Karl said. "You said 4 o'clock. That was 20 minutes ago. It's getting hazy already from the comets. Where are you?"

"That phone booth is in the middle of nowhere, fool," I said. "I didn't say let's go there!"

"Yeah you did, or Foursquare did, not sure. Lila and I took a hike out here. Road's closed due to a big sinkhole anyways. I think it was a comet. There's a shoddy cell tower out here too, looks like an experiment. But my phone hardly gets reception. I'm using the phone booth haha! It's such a good view of the sky from here. And we brought our Polaroid camera!"

I looked out the bay windows to see the sky thrashed with meteor trails. And there was a very distant and constant rumble.

"... Mayor is pleading with the community to stay indoors tonite..." the TV murmured.

"Dude get home Karl!" I yelp. "It's not safe out there!"

No response.

"Karl!"

No response.

Celeste is staring at me from over her laptop.

"Speak," she says.

"We have to go to that phone booth."

****


>>> DUMB I knew I should have bought a bike when I moved to the area, but all I had were these damn motorized Razor scooters.

"I feel retarded on this thi-i-i-ing," she said as every bump in the road reverberated throughout her body, which was pretty hot.

"You look good on it," I said. "We have to follow the signs for Trail 16. It should be a shortcut. And it's bumpier."

"Karl!" I yelled as the shrubbery ended and I could see them standing there in the middle of that open dirt field hundreds of yards wide with nothing more than a small bump to bother its flatness. "Lila, over here!" I shouted as we scootered toward them.

They looked over and set their camera down on the phone booth's bench. It had a small awning over it protecting it from the elements. There was a rundown-looking cell tower behind it.

"Hey man!" Karl yelled back at me.

Celeste and Lila hugged while Karl showed me a Polaroid picture they just took.

"Very cute," I said. "That’s the first time I've actually seen you kiss your girlfriend. Anyways, we have to get out of here."

"It's a nice day kind of," he said. "There was a fellow who passed by here a while ago. I think he was your magician friend. He told us _________
_____

The skys murmor too loud for me to hear what he said

"Take her home, Karl," Celeste instructed Karl. "We'll meet you back at the house. Take these awful scooters."

The two lovebirds rode off into the sunset through the open dirt field, giggling.

"OK now what?" I ask Celeste as she sits on the bus bench under the awning, her hands clasped resting on her lap.

"We wait."

*
We sat there in silence. A light hail began. The sounds in the sky whisped by like abbreviated queefs.

"A picture to remember this by," I suggest. I pick up the Polaroid between us and she scoots in to fit us both into the shot. I extend my arm out holding the camera to face us.

With the click of the snap it dawns on me: I've already seen this image, I've held it in my hand.

She pulls the printed photograph out of its dispenser.



My eyes shot open. How long had I been asleep? The weight of my blankets kept me huddled in a ball, guarding me from the cold damp air that filled my room.

All I can see is my hands in front of me.

Now I can feel that my eyes are still closed. Me opening them was also just part of the dream. I open them as wide as I can for reassurance that they are truly open. My hood is blocking most of my vision. I can see dirt on my arm, also shielding my vision. The light that shined into my room is the light of a nice overcast Summer morning. My blanket is so heavy on top of me. I lift my arm to remove my cucoon, but instead of a blanket I move another’s arm that is hugging my skull. It’s Celeste.

Her arm brushes along side a fresh bruise on my chest as I peel her sleeping beauty away.


She’s laying on top of me with her head nuzzled over my neck. I wince to keep focus in the sudden light of dawn. From my faceplanted angle, I see the daylight glistening off of the plane of dirt I’m laying in.

“Celeste,” I whisper. I gently move her arm away from my head so that I can face her. Her body slumps behind me. “Celeste,” I whisper louder.

I can now see where I am. I’m where I was before. The desolate dirt field, the mountains in the horizon. The phone booth. The rock that I fell on. This is where she and I were. The sky is intact again. I hold her arm that is limply draping my shoulders and turn around to see her. Her eyes are closed and her expression content. Her glowing hair, though, dark and wet.

“Celeste!” I shout, my voice cracking.

I tuck her hair behind her ear and see the ending crimson hell it was covering. I try to brush the necklace out of the way, but it is caught. The block and its flower are lodged into her wound soaked in thick, dark red blood, already coagulated. She’s gone. She had been gone for a long time.
