■■

■■

"Wow, your eye," Britten said. "It's all jacked up."

"Foursquare," I said. "Gave me a shiner."

"Um, OK. Did she give you any more clues?"

I point at my eye. "This may have been the last clue."

"Dammit Andrew. We *need* her," she said. "What did you do?"

"A girl died a few nights ago and I saw her injuries on my squarecam before it happened," I explained. "Britten, listen to me. This is bigger than we think. Something extra ordinary is happening."

She points up. "Meteors in the sky 24/7?" About a dozen meteor streaks scored the afternoon sky, which became a normal occurrence.

~~~

~~~

I told Britten about the little incident with Celeste, and I could tell she had begun to lose faith.

My phone rang with a picture of a foot. "What up Francis?"

"Dude I got it."

"Got what?" I asked.

"What you told me to get. From her phone," he mumbled.

"Oh hell yeah. How?" I leaned toward Britten and told her "I gotta bounce." She nodded and motioned that she was going to stay.

"I just plugged in that thing you gave me just like you said and I think it downloaded everything," he said.

He explained how the opportunity arose when Melody's phone had slipped out of her pocket in his car while he was driving her home. Before bringing it back to her, he downloaded everything off her phone and got exactly what I needed. Francis had been seeing Melody for a few days now. It was unprecedented.

I raced home to meet Francis leaning on the picket fence in the front yard, dangling the device in his hand, not too happy.

"What's with the sadness?" I asked him.

"I don't know. It's pretty fucked up what I did," he said. He handed me the data. "Take this. I want to forget I ever did that."

"Thank you thank you!" I gave him a pat on the back and quickly walked inside.

*

It was a goldmine; data queries, notes on algorithms, passwords stored in plain text. Stupid girl.

As I rifled through the data, it became even more confusing.  It dated back a few years into the past and a few days into the future. Future data was marked with an 'Eclipse' that looked like probability ratios coupling each future action. Most were marked as unlikely, and a few as near definite.

Most players had very repetitive blocks: from work to home, and back again. But it appeared even these simple lives were inticed with blocks ever so slightly off their beaten paths.

I projected the data onto Francis's cracked monitor to display it as a scrolling timeline. It looked like a puzzle, but it didn't feel like one. That flat crystal ball in front of me was stitching together our likely near future, and parts of it were shown through Raiden's stained blood.

Instead of walking down 4th street to work today, it suggested one player walk down 5th.

Another player would be persuaded to use 5th Street that morning as well. Its Eclipse was low, but if they both confirmed that block, they would then be led to a chain of high Eclipse blocks with their threads intertwined together through the maze, ending at her flat that night. And it was her place every block thereafter, all the way to the edge of where the new Eclipsed blocks were birthed.

Every moment that passed affected the data. It never went more than a couple of seconds without adjusting Eclipses, creating new blocks, or destroying failed ones. And when high eclipsed blocks were missed, it sent the laundry flying.

// each step is also a breath?

The fireworks from it being wrong were amusing. It would loop through countless drafts of possibilities in a dazzle of glowing threads rearranging in hopes of discovering a better path through the Eclipsed. But each of those changes caused resounding changes around it as far as the eye could see. This helpless fit could go on for minutes until it found a comfortable match, and then all was calm again.

My player was embarassing. It showed me going absolutely nowhere for days. How did it know?

It was late into the night when I hit something unsettling. If I was reading it correctly, it said player melodic was going to arrive at our house to cross paths with player francix in a few minutes. A 0.4 Eclipse. Francis was asleep, though.

Several minutes later, nothing.

I stood at the window of the war room atop the house waiting for some strangeness to occur. The streets were empty. The monitor's glimmer pored over the accent chair, and I did too.

It was late and time for sleep.

*

The doorbell rang.

The doorbell rang again.

And again.

It was pouring rain in the middle of the night. Who would be at the door at this ungodly hour in this torrential storm?

I stumbled through the dark house to get to the front door. The door bell kept ringing.

I looked through the peep hole. It was Melody with somebody behind her at the bottom of the steps.

I opened the unlocked door. She was drenched from head to toe. Her signature eyeliner was dripping down her furious face.

She said something to me but the storm drowned out her words. Her soaked hair draped over her black dress, melting into it.

I couldn't understand what she said so I took a step outside to get closer.

I leaned toward her to hear her. Finally it was audible.

"You," she said in a deeper voice than her own. "You made a big mistake."

I looked behind her to see who her backup was. It was Francis. His state was cold and lifeless, part zombie, part vengeful.

The door bell rang again. And again. And again. I put my hand over the button to stop the ringing. Melody pressed her freezing ice cold hand against mine to force me to press it.

When I woke, it was still night. And there was a storm. My phone was ringing. By the time I went to answer it, the call had ended. It was Celeste.

*

"Yes you have it! That's what you're going to tell me, right?" Britten lit up with the falsest glee I have ever seen.

"Yes I do actually," I retorted.

Her eyes widened in disbelief. She prepared her plume over her notes. "Okay let's here it."

"It's like a million little fibers in the wind trying to catch grains of sand," I explained. "It's beautiful. It can--"

"In less idiot terms please," she remarked.

"They map out and cause fluxuations in these chains!"

"..."

"The blocks are chained together, one by one, sometimes combining, sometimes splitting. And it lights up like crazy when it's way off target." I did the best I could to explain what I thought the Eclipse ratios were and everything else I saw that night.

Her notes didn't have a drop of ink on them. "Is it immutable? Do you have write access?"

"No, but," I began while I realized I did not know. I hadn't tried. "No. I don't."

*

// learns he has write access :)

// needs to check that some things it said would happen did when he gets back to it

// A switch operator

"Submitted for the approval," I said while all the equipment in the war room sat quietly waiting for the command to get executed. We watched my tiny edit reach the top of the queue, and then disappear into the abyss.

Nothing happened. All the other machines were unplugged, so they had no reaction. "Nothing was supposed to happen, my friends," I explained to the silent room. "I only changed my next Eclipse from very possible to very very possible."

Since I was still home as the next block suggested, that block was confirmed. But was that success or coincidence? There was only one way to tell.

Come to me, I thought. That will be the test.

Staring at my transparent reflection in the glass was supposed to change my mind, but it didn't. My blurry vision suggested I go back to sleep before I did anything unwise. I thought it was wrong, and then I thought I didn't care. To simplify the data on the screen, I hid everything but my player's paths and those of player celestival.

*

I was hoping this was the place she told me to meet her. Her only remark was "at the place we skipped when we were walking in the rain". We skipped pebbles in a puddle when we were walking home from the bocci ball bar a few weeks ago so it was probably the place she was talking about.

I sat on the broken hitching rail near where that puddle might have been to the best of my recollection. Since the puddle was gone, I couldn't check in.

I swayed to keep balance while I lit my spliff. A hand was placed on my shoulder from behind me followed by "Hi don't take your phone out."

Celeste leaned against the post.

"OK," I said. She sounded serious.

"How is your spliff?" she asked.

"It's delicious," I said.

"How is your eye?" she dared ask.

"It doesn't hurt any more," I told her.

"It looks like shit. Look, I need to talk to you. Don't take out your phone."

"OK."

"I don't want my work to know I'm here."

"Well your phone could probably be tracked easily."

"I left it at home dumb dumb. We're fine," she said.

"It's that easy huh?"

"It's that easy."

She taps on the rail rapidly. She perfects her posture and turns her body to face me. "I knew who you were before I met you."

"How romantic," I sarcast.

"They know about it," she says. "And they want you."

"Well I want them," I say, making sure my words are as ambiguous as hers. "Sounds like good news."

"No, it's not," she says. She nearly tears up. "This... This *thing*... has gotten out of hand."

"You need to understand something," she says. "Let's go for a walk."

“Apology accepted,” I say.

"It's about your app."

"Hmm," I say, both of us silent as I juggle whether to admit or deny what I'm sure she already knows about. "Yeah let's go for a walk."

We strolled through Scrolls Park's rolling green coastal hills without a cloud in sight, a place most frequented by kite enthusiasts and couples sharing sorbet. With her phone at home and mine left at my ride, I felt like we were free of our self-imposed matrix.

"What did you do before Foursquare?" I ask.

"I was working on something very similar to your app," she says. "Until I met Daemon."

"Where did you meet him?"

She giggles to herself and shakes her head. "In da club, you could say."

Figures. I smile and nod and made a spinning-around-the-pole motion with my finger.

"I didn't even use my real name!" she says.

She told me everything.

Daemon had read her white paper about people's personal information and social data mining. He somehow found her at da club, recruited her, and so began Foursquare's recommendation engine. It was heavily based on a person's daily patterns. Most people live simple, repetitive lives with only a few moveable levers to alter. Although a lot of the technical Calculus-intensive aspects of the algorithms went over my head, I clearly understood that its bullseye accuracy came from the subdlty of its suggestions; It offered the players a future that was only a hair different than their original fate. The delta between what the players wanted and what the code preferred, though, was creating a rift.

Very quickly the data learned its own accuracy, its 'Eclipse' of reality, and would act on that as well. Some people were easily influenced. Some were born influencers. And they all liked their virtual and real-world rewards. Its only known goal was to be more and more accurate, and its decisions were mostly left unchallenged. Then the algorithms grew to be vain. It learned that if reward encouraged people to follow its suggestions, then punishment for doing otherwise would do the same.

"People meeting at a location but not knowing who they're supposed to meet."

"Yeah," I say. "I usually don't know why I even listen to it."

"You’re what we call a fanatic," she says. "You fall for it so hard that you believe the science fiction we wrote."

"But it feels like a playful game."

"It was. Now it's different. I think it's planned out a future already," she explains. "And it's reaching for it."

"Did you create those mechaniques?"

"I'm the creator. Daemon's the instigator," she says. "Algorithms folding into algorithms." She shakes her head. "I've seen it choose from a million choices and it chooses freaky things now."

"Can't you just adjust it?"

"Not anymore!" she says. "Daemon won't let me.”

"I can," I say with a proud smirk.

"I know," she says back at me, cleaning that smirk off my face. "You have been, wrecklessly, and it's tearing apart at the seams."

"How so?"

"I know it sounds weird, but I think those aren't meteors," she says as she points at the lightly scored sky. "Those are rips. When what is supposed to happen doesn't, the hourglass gets shaken, violently."

"Hourglass, huh," I say with raised eyebrows, not really understanding her fantastical explanation.

"And now I think the hourglass is cracking," she says with a laugh. "Ugh, what am I saying?"

We take a seat on the grass near a small pond. "I have a picture from the future,” she says. “Wanna see?”

"Yeah for sure."

She takes out a Polaroid picture from her purse and hands it to me. It's me and her at a phone booth in the middle of nowhere.

"This has never happened," she says. "Not yet at least."

"Yeah I don't remember that at all. But I already have my black eye so it was recent. Maybe we both blacked out?"

"I haven't seen you in weeks."

"We used to be so close, kind of," I say. "What happened?"

She puts her hand on the side of my face, just like she did the first night I met her. "Andrew."

"Tell you the truth, I don't even know if this is happening right now," she says.

"I hope it is," I say.

*

I turned off the monitor and sat back down next to her. "What do you think?"

"I made that?" she giggled. We both laughed at the joke and then laughed that it was true. "I didn't know."

I wanted to wringe every bit of knowledge out of that pretty head of hers, but I knew it was best to go at her pace. "What did you not know?"

"This projection," she started. "It was supposed to only reach out a block or two. This is infinite."

"There's a threshold that I can show you."

I began to turn on the glass when she asked, "What are you on?"

"I already told you that I won't tell you how I got my access," repeating words I had already said a couple of times.

// she needs to see more
"You're using a super user," she muttered. "Andrew, you're using the entire Foursquare fucking network right now as your sandbox!"

"I... what?"

"Look at this," she said. She underlined a single line of information on the screen.

Source: Network

"Every device running the app is, at this moment, Andrew," she said through heavy breaths. "Is also being farmed to power this very screen. It's based on processing power!" She tapped a couple of commands into the terminal and the timeline zoomed out drastically. "It's infinite."

"Nice," I said.

*

The faucet always leaked, but Celeste could never hear that everpresent metronome coming from downstairs.

"I still don't hear it!" she laughed. "Dammit I lost my place."

It always looked like we were looking at each other because we were looking at the same data on either side of the screen. Our fingers traced through the blocks like we were reach for each other too.

"Says plumber'll fix that sink tomorrow, point 8 something," I said.

"It's not broken."

We met at the front door after she pulled her beach cloak from its hook. "It's in here." She pulled out four viles. We cracked two and made our way to the bay.

"The sand feels good, but cold," she said, covering her toes beneath it. "Yeah we need to make sure we don't burn out people's devices with this."

"Are your hands cold?" I asked.

She paused, then put her hands toward me and looked at them. I wrapped my fingers around to conceal hers from the wind.

"You're missing something," she said.

I looked down and saw her examining my wrist. The quick pull of my shirt jostled me back to the beach. Celeste was holding the spare button she had just yanked off my shirt. She then pulled a sharp pin from her hair and sliced into the neck of her blouse to release a single thread about her. "Ready," she said.

I held out my arm to expose the missing space on the cuff. She glided the end of the thread over her lips then through her needle. She could see through the twilight enough to weave the button in place. I began to move my arm away from her since the process was done but she pulled it back and placed my palm under her neck. She immediately continued the threading as before, because of course it would take more than one stitch to complete her mission.

Through and through the loops that single fabric string connected us. Her steady pattern was admirable at first, and then hypnotic. I dreamed it would take a million threaded punctures before she was satisfied.

She exhaled her final sighing sound, and she was done. She came up to my collar and smoothed its wrinkle. It caused her one last breath as she rest her head on my clavicle. I don’t know what happened after that.

*

How many minutes or days or weeks passed by, I wondered. My fingers were threaded through her tresses keeping them warm. The brisk morning breeze clenched her hair with my fist, just enough to wake her.

“Whoa that was fucking crazy,” she yelped with her head still resting on me. “Alright it’s cold let’s go home.”

*

"We're undercover because we're *not* tapped," she said with a giggle.

"It's that easy," I agreed.



"It's nighttime where I live right now," she said in a deep voice with a coy bat of her lashes.

"Me too," I replied. "Let's go to sleep."

"No you dog," she quickly retorted. "We're doing gifts."

We hugged and shook each other underneath that giant radio tower, and so that block was confirmed.

We sat on the grass and enjoyed our wines until the light show went on.

"Here's yours," she said as she produced a gadget. She slipped it on my fingers and said, "Now you can tell time, and you can see how it works." I wore the skeleton watch like brass knuckles from that point forward.

"Yours is because you made it," I said.

"Put it on me," she says as I show her the double-chain necklace with a gold cube as the medalion.

She bows her head for me to do the honors. "You and I made this," I say. She stops my placement with both of her hands.

She twined the chain and her ponytail together to tighten the necklace as a headdress. "I'll wear it like this,"

"Is there something inside of it?" she asked. "In the block?"

"There will be," I told her.

*

I traced the parallel lines on my chest like I did every time I got out of the shower.


// this needs to signify a big jump in time and to reference how we got here. this is great because it allows a lot of the intermediary bullshit to be passed over, less words!

Every time we traveled, the routine was the same. I would read the local paper in the lobby of her inn until she came in. She would loudly ask the bellhop where she could get the shittiest baguette. Whatever his response was, that's where we would meet.

"It was amazing," she told me while breaking off another crumbled pull of burnt bread. "I wish you were there. You would have loved it."

"So no one's noticed?"

She meant to speak, but her open grin was too bright for her to make words.

"I told you," I remarked while I blew an 'O' in her direction. She deflected it without remark, and looked at me intently once again.

// the gm got cracked more in travel"

it finessed its way in"

// they became closer

// he tries to lure her in closer by showing how he can loop time blocks
// i gave her the cc even knowing that would be her ruin.

// sum up how we got here, thru cute banter fomo
// but memba shes in it to get him to change shit, reader kinda sees that

"It's like when I carried you to your car!" <-- huh she did?

"Did you."

We sit down in the grass near a small duck pond.

"OK I need you to concentrate. Ask Foursquare what you should do next."

I do as I'm told. My heart starts racing. Is this a set up?

"Change its Eclipse to the opposite and inverse. You'll have to do a Force Query."

"That's risky," I say. "Someone might notice my change on the diff. But OK." Foursquare suggests I 'skip rocks in the pond' with an Eclipse of .8. I change the Eclipse to its negative inverse, -1/.8, and submit the change to Foursquare via a Force Query. A few seconds pass. The update updates the entire database's recommendations, and my new rec shows on the screen.

"Notice anything?"

"It says lay down with a flower and enjoy the sun." She nods and motions me to do that. I take the flower from behind her ear as she leads me to lay down in the grass.

I lay down. She lays down next to me and holds on to me tightly. "It's a nice day," I say. It gets brighter and brighter then a sharp flash of light --

"... it what you should do next. Then change its Eclipse to the opposite and inverse."

I'm sitting upright. Celeste is too.

"You'll have to do a Force Query," she tells me.

"Thats risky. Someone might notice a... Wait. What. Wait."

"Notice anything?" she asks.

"Uhh."

*** he needs to do the force query again.

"What happened?"

"It says... lay down with a flower and enjoy the sun." I take the flower from behind her ear then lay down and she too. She holds on to me tightly. "It feels like I’ve already..." It gets brighter and brighter then a sharp flash of light--

"...what you should do next," she says.

We're sitting upright again.

"I think I'm going to be sick," I say.

"Why now?" Britten said. "We're so close. Don't be afraid."

"Dont be afraid? I don't know when I'm sleeping or when I'm awake. I don't know what I'm seeing in front of me."

"This is your life's work. This is your kingdom come."

"It's like it's fighting back."

"Then stop adjusting outcomes!"

"What?"

"The, you told me... um, when you were wasted," she says. "I mean, you're--" both our phones chirp with a message about a meteor warning from the city, telling us to head inside. "Um, OK we need to head out." She gets up and abruptly grabs her leather jacket off the back of her chair. "We'll continue this later. We need to go over your compass thing. I'll call you."

"Cool," I say. "So I'll catch you later?" I spin my phone between my fingers and notice she's looking at it intently.

Then she looks into my eyes with deep concern. "Be careful. Seriously." She puts her hands on my shoulders and takes a deep breath. "OK." She gives me a tight hug goodbye and walks away without looking at me.

I quickly pull up my backdoor entrance to Foursquare's database and search for her account. Her next rec has those strange characters I remember seeing on Celeste's history. Weird shit would happen when I would do Force Queries, but my curiosity got the best of me. I looked up and she was still in sight about a block away.

--- that's fucked up to adjust someone's future knowing that its often a bad outcome---

I flipped her Eclipse to the opposite and inverse, and submitted.

I waited a few seconds for it to register, what felt like an eternity, while I stared at her white girl prance continue away from me. Ding. She took her phone out and looked at it. Then she turned around and looked at me.
