
■■

■

I got to the top of the cliff and there was somebody already there. She was conducting pastels in the clouds with her fingers while her other hand shot shooting stars into the backdrop. I asked her if I could join her she said she didn’t know. She asked why would I be up there if not to join her. I sat down next to her and brushed the view with my fingertips. Nothing happened. I asked if I could use her fingertips instead and she said I could. Her hand still painting in the sky, I fit my fingers between hers to open her grip. The colors went flowing as her fingers spread and drew 4 distinct cloud trails in the sky. I heard a meow as that white cat brushed against both of both our legs, then jumped into the ocean in front of us. A strange sound shot from the sea, it was like a siren. I didn’t realize my hand had fallen, pushing hers with mine. It sent the masterpiece we had made splashing into the ocean. The tiniest beeps got louder. The beeps overcame the image. My eyes flickered with confusion. I couldn’t see. And then I could. My hand had already fallen on top of the Snooze, and the siren stopped.

I had a big day ahead of me.

*

A few steps out of Aexis Capital Group headquarters I realized how much sweat had built up on my forehead. I wiped it away and frantically constructed my spliff. It was a rough meeting. The prototype demo of Rose Garden went well, but they didn't seem entirely enthused. They didn't ask enough questions and they didn't fully get what we were doing. I wanted them to chat for hours about the awesomeness of flowing mindless pop culture into ecstatic social reform. They were money people, and they always would be. I was kidding myself that any moral imperative would affect their judgment.

*

"We at Aexis Capital Group," the overnight UPS parcel began. "Are excited to inform you that Rose Garden will continue to be funded for the next 18 months under our Series A funding."

"That's how I do it!" I shouted on my porch. "I win! I always win!"

The UPS brother turned around and gave me a thumbs up. Even he believed in me. Despite the lackluster presentation, these people believed that it was a viable product with promise in the near future. I couldn't wait to tell my team.

I walked back inside with my fist clenched in victory. Karl walked out of his room with a dirty plate, wearing his morning chin warmer that looked like a knitted wool beard. "You won man, yeaaaah," he mumbled.

I motioned with my hands to let him know I had settled down. "These next 18 months," I said in a calmer voice. "These next 18 months. All hell can't stop us now."

I called up my team of three to meet me in the war room on my house’s freshly built second story. It was a flat room with a wooden floor surrounded by windows on all sides, awkwardly poking out the top of my house. The celebration was only minutes long and consisted of all of us shotgunning beers all over the equipment.

Most of the heavy lifting had already been done. Beacons would pop up all around the map from our hundreds of bots pretending to play. We could artificially feed in a park here, destroy a library there, delete some crime in the westside, or create dozens of check-ins at a nearby historical site.

There was still one enormous missing thread to this gamified social quilt: how does it all end? Or at least, what is the point of playing? I needed my social experts.

*

"They will need both a sense of purpose and a sense of accomplishment," Britten explained as we sat in front of my favorite Italian cafe. She held a couple Masters degrees in Art Business and Sociology, she was young, cute, and kind of a bitch. "I think this game is ridden with holes. And your main competitor?"

"Foursquare," I said.

"Yes," she said. "They will sue you. Very quickly."

"How do you know?" I asked.

"Because I did my research," she said. "Unlike you."

"I did my research."

She showed me her open palms. "Two days ago I asked you for the research you had done. And you gave me nothing."

"I was busy."

"No," she said. "You were drunk. And it was noon on a Tuesday."

"Well shit I'm sorry," I said. "I was celebrating. What are you, the morality police?"

"No," she said in a stern voice as she slammed her hand against the table. She stood up and crooked her head. "I am not the morality police. You are. This whole game you've created is. It's fucking ridiculous. Building a karaoke bar gains you 12 points when a preschool earns you 3?"

"I'm working out the kinks," I said as I looked around at the people staring at us. "And I'm paying you to adjust this stuff. Sit down."

She raised her chin in defiance. "I will work with you," she said. "But I will tell you right now that you had better start getting serious, because what I see so far is a game of placing bets on what Andrew thinks is fun. And maybe build a school for kicks."

"I'll call you," I said, tired of the conversation.

Right before she got into the cab that pulled up, she looked at me and put her hand on her forehead. "A strip club. A strip club creates a 'positive wave effect' in the area? What does that even mean?" She closed the cab door before I could answer.

"Only if dances are more than $20!" I said loud enough for her to hear me through the window. I leaned back in my chair and softly said, "I'm working out the kinks."

*

I hadn't seen Celeste for almost two weeks. Neither of us were even reaching out to one another. But then I hit *the* snag. I couldn't figure out how Foursquare suggested a person's next movement. Foursquare would crunch the data it had in such a way that it would very accurately tell you where you *should* go next. It was clear that it had something to do with your friends and your geolocation, but how did it know that I could meet someone at a nearby park when they weren't even there... yet?

After some back and forth messages, we decided to meet at a tequila joint that was hip enough to earn a user a handful of points if they had a beacon nearby.

"So, tell me, how do you track future movements?" I asked her bluntly after some tapas and a small drink that was kind of gross. “This drink is gross.”

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"In Foursquare," I said. "The biggest selling point nowadays is that it's so accurate at its suggestions. Like it's telling us where to go, and we follow it because we know it's probably right."

"You lead Foursquare," she said. Her demeanor went from relaxed to guarded with my comment. "It's just data that you've given the app."

"I don't believe you," I said. The words shattered the spoken glass we were both dancing on, obstructing whatever innocent flow we had going. I was too obvious. I was too abrasive. But the fact was that I didn't believe her. And I wanted to see if she could hang with some heat.

She smirked and took the last sip of her drink. She motioned to the bartender to pour us both another of the same. "You don't believe me?"

"No. And that drink was gross."

"Then what is it?" she asked with a laser stare. Somehow she turned the tables and put me on the spot.

"You got some sauce," I said.

"Some sauce?"

"Yeah," I said. "Maybe some semantic read-your-messages follow-your-position-without-your-permission key-logging turn-on-your-mic sauce."

She burst into laughter nearly falling out of her seat. She set her drink down and gathered herself. As she moved her long glowing hair out of her face with her fingers combing it to either side, she held it in a pony tail and batted her eyes at me two time. "You do realize I'm Game Theory, right? Like, in charge of Game Theory," she said. "That would mean I'm doing the read-your-password stuff, right?"

"How about I'll ask you again after a few more?" I said jokingly to diffuse the situation.

"Deal," she said. We cheersed.

We went down the street to an indoor bocci ball field that served fashionable cocktails, and was open late at night. We played a couple rounds, ending in a tie.

"Because!" she said. "It's just fun. I can't see the future. Why do you care so much anyways?"

"Your friend is a magician. I thought maybe you were too."

She wrapped her arms behind my neck in the first sign of affection all night. "But you know what?" she asked.

"What's that?"

"I can tell you where we're going to end up tonite," she said. She sarcastically put her hand over her mouth as if to silence herself, and said, "Even before it happens."

"And where's that?"

"Your place," she said.

"Did Foursquare tell you that?" I joked.

"Yes," she said. "Look for yourself."

With her arms still wrapped around me, I pulled out my phone to play along. I fired up Foursquare and looked at the screen in my most academic poise. "Well it says," I said as I waited for the app to load. "It says-- fuck." I looked up at her. She looked at me to finish my thought.

"It says we'll be at my house. Later tonite." I bit my lip and shook my head frustrated that I couldn't figure out how it knew. I laughed it off and looked around for some explanation. There was something more important than figuring out how Foursquare knew that, though, and that was getting her back to my place.

The walk took a while but we eventually made it through the mildest of drizzling rain.

"You're late," Francis said in a serious tone.

"Oh shit I forgot!" I said. We had planned a Risk tournament between Francis, me, and Raiden. Both Francis and Raiden were sitting at a fully set up table of Risk, the game of world domination! They had decided to set up Risk: KGB, one of my favorites. "KGB, very good."

"Hi Celeste," Francis said, breaking from his upset scowl.

"Hi Francis!" she said as she clapped in excitement, which I thought was kind of weird.

"This is Raiden, our homeless friend," he said as he introduced our friend. Raiden stood up and shook her hand.

"Hi Raiden," she said. "Nice to meet you."

"Salutations," he said. "You play Risk?"

"I've played a lot of Risk, and according to this guy", she said as she motioned toward me. "I KGB on people through Foursquare.”

"Of course you do," Raiden said. "Well. You're playing then. You can be red."

Celeste was leaning against the pole in the middle of the room with one arm wrapped around it behind her back. She turned toward it and twirled around the pole doing a fly kick trick with ease. When her spinning finished, she looked at me with a blank shrug. She sat down and made herself at home as if I had already agreed that I wanted to play Risk, and play Risk with her involved. I cracked my neck and threw my jacket in the corner and said, "Alright, let's do this. And if I win, you have to teach me that move.”

The red can empty beers had piled up. The lines of Adderall residue on the table were so obvious a blind person could see it. She had won. There was no contest. Raiden in a distant second.

"What is Game Theory exactly?" Raiden asked Celeste in a slurred, drunken, but polite tone. The three of us were sitting lounged back in our chairs smoking spliffs in defeat as Celeste sat surprisingly stoked and leaned forward.

"Well," she said, trying to hide her own drunken druggedness. "We're all boundedly rational agents with infinite choices. But I get to--" She stops herself abruptly. "It needs balance, first of all," she said as she raised one finger in the air. "And... and you guys sucked at this game."

"It's called humility," I said.

“Mmm, Silly wins,” she said. "And since I won, I don’t have to teach you any moves and you have to give me a tour."

"Of the house?"

"Yeah," she said. "All else I've seen is the bathroom and that was hideous."

"Well, we have this room for Risk and dancing, and the rest is like the bathroom," I said, hoping that she didn't want to see the second floor at any point.

"What else?" she asked.

"There's the rape room in the basement," I said, in hopes that would deter her from wanting a tour.

"What about upstairs?" she quickly asked.

She was on to me just like I was on to her. She was good at that. But I was so fucked up it was hard to decipher if she was diving into something or if she was just being inquisitive.

"Upstairs?" I said. "Upstairs, also a rape room."

"Can you show me?" she, again, quickly asked.

"You *want* to go to the depths of the second story in a house that is clearly haunted by crunked out dudes who call the basement *and* the second story the 'rape room'?"

"Show me."

"You know what I'm up to?" I asked her.

"I want to know."

"You first," I popped back. “You started at Foursquare two years ago, right?”

“That’s right.”

“And that’s also when Foursquare added its recommendation feature, right?” I asked.

“Soon after, yes,” she said. “I’m pretty much in charge of that. I spearheaded that initiative.”

“You what? Anyways, what chains do you use to figure out the--” I said, interrupted by a person falling and glass breaking.

“Ouwwwww,” Raiden muttered as he laid on the floor on top of Francis's monitor.

“Oh my god he’s bleeding,” Celeste said.

The night wrapped up quickly after that, with all of us bandaging Raiden’s hand and calling a taxi for Celeste. I had learned two things that night: one, that she was a dangerous Risk player, and, two, that she was in charge of Foursquare’s recommendation engine. I was on the right track, but I had yet to get any details that I could emulate. There was a lot of thinking to do, so Francis and I headed to the roof.

“But how does a computer beat the best human player at chess?” Francis asked.

“It’s a decision tree,” I said. “The machine has the luxury of going through innumerable amounts of possibilities and actually experiencing the outcomes. Then it chooses its favorite next move according to its favorite outcome.”

“Then how can the human ever win?” he asked.

“Because, after a few permutations, the possibilities are almost infinite,” I said. “It has to draw the line somewhere so that the game can continue in a reasonable amount of time. And sometimes it draws the line before it figured out the best move.”

“Let’s just say,” Francis began, scooting himself back upright on the slanted roof. “Let’s say it could go on forever.”

“It could,” I responded. “But no one wants to play a machine that takes *forever* to respond.”

“OK,” he said. “Let’s say it had more information. More information on you.”

“Continue.”

“Let’s say the machine knew your favorite piece was the knight, and your weakest moments were after Blitzkreig offenses. And it knew you were left-handed and 52% partial to moves on the left side of the board, and when you took a long time that meant you were working on getting your rooks and bishops out into battle.” He was on to something. “If Foursquare, or your app, could combine the machine’s ability to cycle through a billion permutations with the ability to reason with you, to convince you, to misdirect you... that would be unstoppable.”

“Fuckin a, man,” I mumbled. It didn’t answer how Foursquare did what it did, but it brought to light the method of a solid future-guessing algorithm. “She said something about a blueprint when I first met her. It’s like the data actually becomes building blocks. Like how our DNA transcribes who we are going to be, from what we have been before, billions of years in the making, searching for that path that dodges the end.”

“Sitting on a roof,” he said. I looked at him puzzled as I sealed the rolling paper of my spliff. He was already waiting patiently with his spliff rolled. “And after all that, this is what the blueprint has for us.” He laughed. “We’re sitting on a roof, a billion years in the making!”

“You’re goddamn right!” I shouted. I hoisted myself up to stand on the steep slant, and so did Francis. We raised our cups to a toast. “To billions of years of swimming around, and crawling around, and --”

“And the pyramids and being slaves and shit.” Francis said.

“And the fuckin’ wars and the Gold Rush! And the railroads!”

“And the railroads! And the dream app. And the stolen booze!”

“And the bright idea to climb up here, against our DNA’s best judgment!”

“And then,” he said in a more conciliatory voice. “And then for us to stand here on--” then his voice rang louder than the rest of the night. “-- Our Pride Rock! Shootin’ the shit just cuz we wanna!”

“Shootin’ the bullshit!” I screamed as I joined in.

“It’s like DNA can’t even catch us!” he shouted at the sky. “It’s like we’re moving faster than time now! We'll beat you to the end!”

Those words hit. Again, he uncovered more clues, mostly accidentally this time.

It was like we were at a passage where our DNA, the strands of everything we consider to be alive, had met its match. DNA was too slow. It needed tens of thousands of years of procreating generations to defend itself from extinction, but this new robotic frontier was quick to act, within seconds. Of course it would win. Maybe those binary hiveminds, built by our clandestine totalitarian hands, had discovered their own existence. It’s not that our algorithms had bred something new, but that they were ready to do exactly what we taught them to do: to conquer and reproduce.

We cheersed and both nearly fell off of the roof right after our plastic glasses collided. Francis slid a lot further than me, his drink following close behind, pouring his whiskey ginger cocktail all over him.

“I’m going down,” Francis said. He tried to move with the inertia he had built from his fall into a seemingly graceful roof exit. I decided I would climb down the tree, the way we had come up.

“It’s -- AHH! -- AHH!” Francis’ voice went instantly from coherent to a werewolf’s howl. From my view, it looked like he was adhered to the edge of the roof by his waste, no, his stomach. He was batting at the rooftop, looking for mercy. After a few seconds of that, he finally slipped over the edge as it appeared he had intended to do.

I took the last step off the tree and ran over to where he toppled. “Gawl-lee, are you okay?” I asked him as he laid in the dirt on the side of the house.

“It’s over. It’s just over,” he said in a breathless voice. “It’s good now.”

Francis had apparently caught his jewels on the rain gutter of the house while sliding down, sending him into a whirlwind of panic and disbelief as he was literally hanging from his jewels, with no hope of survival.

He was okay, though, probably.
