
■ ■

I wanted to tell my roommates the hilarious night I had, but they were still asleep. I needed my rest too, so I passed out like a log.

I woke up a few hours later to the cackling of gunfire and explosions. It was a battlefield. Battlefield Reset Expansion Pack, to be exact. It was time to get up.

"You fuckin snatch face!", Francis yelled at his glass monitor with one hand on the keys and the other sliding across the screen. "Nah nah, I kid I kid. What up Ander," he said as he welcomed me to the new day without breaking his concentration from his monitor. "Did you gather that intel you were looking for last night? How'd it go?"

"Dude it was awesome. I met this girl and her friend and I think I kissed her friend. I don't know." I tried to recount what exactly had happened. "It was like a dream I swear."

"Niiiice," he said in a congratulatory tone as he took his headset and gamer glasses off, and slurped up the last of his Cocoa Pits.

The shower was a brief 20 minutes as I pieced together the night before. Some of it seemed real, and some of it seemed like I had dreamt it in my car. I toweled up and wiped the fog from the mirror. The reflection revealed a small vertical incision on my chest, heart-side. It looked manmade. Or womanmade, although those were usually on my back.

I suited up for the coldness swirling around my stand up desk and got back to work. It was in good working condition; a player's movement could be tracked by the app, they could mark a geographical area as theirs, and could reap the virtual goods in that area.

The end goal of Rose Garden was to encourage less fortunate areas of the country to become more lucrative by giving players more prestige for literally building, or helping build, or being frequent visitors to, real libraries, recreation centers, authentic food joints, or to improve upon already existing socially positive businesses in places that would have otherwise gone ignored. One milestone of success was for a nearby slum to increase its schools' educational ratings by 25% within the next three years by actions directly caused by Rose Garden. It was a feat nearly impossible to accomplish, but I was confident that if I could get the funding and interest in this app that we would see a New Vegas-type of growth in places that were not expected to succeed.

Popular places that were already succeeding would be saturated in players trying to reap the rewards of those establishments, but the abundance of players in that area would water down each player's gain, encouraging them to look into more obscure areas, like low-income neighborhoods.

We hopped on Francis’s ride and headed to the new dump down the street. His radio turned on blaring a bulletin about a ventriloquist named "Gabo" coming to town, followed by a permanent flow of nonsensical chatter.

I ordered the classic and took a seat near the window. I put my coin into my wallet and saw a metal card with a finely etched image of a desolate plain at sundown. I squinted to see a tiny character in the distance, a smiling jack-in-the-box Joker skipping along. I froze. The Joker's face even kind of looked like that magic guy from the night before. Below the image the caption read:

GABØ

"Dude, check this out!" I began to hand Francis the card before he was even half way to the table.

"Gabo!" he said. "Gabo's coming to town. I heard about this on the AM radio."

"I met this guy last night," I explained.

"You met the clown on the Joker card or you met Gabo the dummy? Either way, that's pretty cool."

"No, it was some showman guy, like the kind you see at a carnival sideshow. He wasn't doing ventriloquist stuff. He stole my wallet." I knew my words made little sense, but it was difficult to describe quickly.

"He put this in my wallet, but I forgot he said that. Then I told him that there was an ass in his --" I stopped my vulgarity just as our order arrived. "He's one of Celeste's friends. Celeste is the girl from last night."

"Good job, man," he said. "I think the radio said he'll be at The Gin tonite."

I needed to get as much work done before then to ensure meeting my deadline. Rose Garden had to be a "Minimum Viable Product" by the morning or the investors would second guess my team's ability to deliver in a timely fashion.

Most of the necessary game mechanics were in place for a very rudimentary version of the game. I had tied into different maps for landmarks and business locations, public tax documents for revenue gains and losses, US census data for population density, local police crime reports, Foursquare for a trove of location stats, and a handful of manual entries for things that lacked granular geographical data.

For a game like this, it wasn't always clear what to set certain constants to, like how many beacons a player starts with to lay claim to areas, or how much reputation a player earns, but these were all adjustable once we got our beta group playing the game and churning through the algorithms. Some aspects were simple, like less crime meant more points. Other aspects were very subjective, like what more churches should earn an area, or whether more bars was good or bad. It was clearly skewed to my personal beliefs, but all of that was adjustable once we saw it in action.

The game had a map interface showcasing potential future plans, from large licensed developments to small local gatherings that did not have any official standing. Players could place their beacons near locations that they thought would become successful, however large and any amount of time. The more precise the beacon, the heavier the reward.

One of the biggest missing components was whether the game had a victory for a player, or if it went on indefinitely. And what were the real-world rewards? I intentionally left those unanswered because of their complexity, and also to give the investors a void to through their idiot ideas into until something fits.

The night had begun. Francis and I lit up our spliffs and began the walk to The Gin.

"What are you going to do if she's there?" Francis inquired.

"Play it off like I remember everything and it was a great party," I replied.

"What if she's jonesing for me?" His half-witted remark lacked the sarcasm it should have been delivered with.

"You go after her friend, or at least keep her friend busy," I answered. "She's fly and kind of a firecracker."

"Didn't you already kiss her friend?"

"Not really," I explained the Lady and the Tramp moment with the whiskey drink, and then went on to detail the rest of that night that I could remember.

We found a good spot at the bar that was close to the stage.

A few minutes later, the lights dimmed, and one of the bartenders spoke into the mic.

"Without further ado, Gabo!" the announcer said as he clapped in Gabo emerging from the darkness behind him.

He was dressed in the typical ventriloquist outfit with his striped shirt and light blue blazer. He introduced himself as Gabo, and gave a few complimentary words to the crowd. From a white box with red polka dots, he produced a wooden dummy, dressed just like him. "I'd like you all to meet Gabo." I found it odd that he and the dummy bore the same name. With his hand already buried underneath the back of the doll's shirt, it began to cough.

"*cough cough* Thanks for letting me out of that box," the dummy's nasal voice complained. "Who are all these people? I thought you said we were going to the…"

I didn't come here to see a grown man talk to a doll. I came here to find my lady in the red dress. I scanned the room for a red dress, then realized that she was most likely not still wearing a red dress.

"OK, she's pretty tall, really blonde, pouty lips, I don't know what else," I told Francis.

"What about her friend?"

"Not as tall, brunette. She had that sinister cat eyes eye-liner when I saw her. And bangs."

"Melody, right?" he asked.

"Yup."

We both looked around the room for a minute, but to no avail. I told Francis there was no guarantee they would be here. I didn't even know where they lived. Either way, we were going to enjoy our Belgians and have a good time.

When I looked at the audience through my Squarecam, there were dozens of artistic Squarememes floating around the venue. There were a couple of transparent colorful unicorns prancing around the tops of everyone’s heads, clearly made by a very skilled artist, and a few people with the usual animal heads in place of their own. Sights like those where so many memes were condensed in a small area and interacting with one another made the real world seem so dull. When I put the phone away I noticed that most of the crowd was actually just wearing their customary all-black wardrobes.

"Oh shit. I almost forgot to check in," I mentioned to Francis as I booted up Foursquare. The app was still on Celestival's profile.

>check-in celestival
@ The Cotton Gin

"See if she checked in here," Francis suggested as he looked at my phone curiously.

"Good idea," I replied. He was right. She had checked in a minute ago. I felt the giddiness overwhelm me. With this full house, I figured that meant she was probably still near the door.

"Oh snap!" Francis says as he motions his head toward the door. There she is, looking right at us, showing a bit of excitement herself.

I immediately get up and shimmy my way through the crowd to greet her. "Celeste, funny to see you here." I tried to hide my anxiety with a stupid comment like that as we hugged.

"Really?" she replies. "Actually it's funny to see *you* here. Hi Andrew."

"Come sit with me and my friend over at the bar," I say as I point toward Francis who nods back. We make our way to our seats, Francis getting up like a gentleman to let her sit.

>check-in francix
@ The Cotton Gin

>-check-in ander
@ The Cotton Gin

After a few introductory comments we focus back on the show. Right when she spun her barstool to face the stage, Gabo the dummy looked at her and raised one eyebrow. I thought to myself, *I'd better not get outdone by a talking doll*.

I waited a few minutes to ask her, to make it seem like I was enjoying the show, which I was, "So is Melody with you?" Francis and I both held our breaths for her answer.

"Oh you remember Melody!" she says happily. "She'll be here in a few. Save a spot for her. Where's the restroom?"

"It's behind the stage," I reply as I point to the hall behind where Gabo was performing. She slips off the barstool in her painted on jeans and makes her way. While Gabo the dummy was in the middle of one of his bits, he follows her with his eyes, step for step, to the point where his head is turned all the way around when she finally gets to the restroom door.

"Oo la la!" the dummy remarks at Celeste. She waves at him and closes the door behind her. The crowd laughs. I pretend to laugh.

"Niiiice," Francis says in approval.

"Melody's fly too," I assure him.

"She better not be with some dude."

"If she is, we'll scare him off." I assure him again. "We're good at that."

Some time and a couple drinks had passed.

>-$ check-in melodic
@ The Cotton Gin

"Silly!" a girl's voice excitedly rings out. Celeste gives Melody a strong hug as if they hadn't seen each other for a long time. Melody then turns to me. "I remember you."

"Hi," I say. We give each other a quick hug, just long enough to qualify as a hug, with about a football field's distance in between us.

"And?" She questions.

"And... I missed you?" I question back.

"Aaaand, this must be your friend Francix." as she looks over my shoulder at Francis who wore a grin ear to ear.

"Hahahaha," he chuckles. "Greetings."

"How did you know him?" I ask.

She keeps her gaze on him as she answers. "Foursquare. Duh."

"Ahahaha," Francis chuckles again, as if he is a wind up toy with two lines.

"Let's get another round," I suggest. Everyone was on board.

The night went smoothly, and I successfully dodged any mention of Rose Garden. Gabo joined our quatro after his performance, shared a couple jokes, got some kisses on the cheeks from the girls, and was off. I'm pretty sure he recognized me. At the exit, Gabo pointed at us, mimed a square to the barkeep, then pointed to himself.

The barkeep walked over to us and said, "Drinks are on your friend." The girls looked at each other with puppy dog eyes and exhaled every last bit of breath they had in their lungs in astonishment.

"Hahahaha", Francis laughs.

The whole night I couldn't decide if I should chat up Celeste like I wanted to or extract Foursquare secrets from her. She was sharp and on her toes, though. So juicing an orange without the orange knowing would not be easy.

She worked in Foursquare's Game Theory department, which meant she was one of a handful of people who created features in the app’s core mechanics. She would know the secrets of how the app flowed behind the scenes, what worked and what didn't, and how to *cause* the players to do what they wanted them to do. It was clear they were creating playful rivalries between players, but in recent time the app started recommending strange actions, like checking into natural disasters before they happened and reward the player generously for being there.

"Your hair looks cute in a bun like that," I say.

"You think?" Celeste says as she studies me for veracity and tightens the bun up even more.

Out of the corner of my eye I can see Francis taking Melody's hand as he leads her to the dance floor. There was a female vocalist who had taken the stage a few minutes before, singing some kickass original rock'n'roll jams with her raspy soulful voice.

"You know what else I think?" I ask.

"What?" she asks back as she pounds the last of her drink and grabs my hand in haste, pulling me toward the dance floor.

"My thoughts exactly," I say, slightly disappointed that she beat me to my own punchline.

When the tatt'ed out singer chick wrapped up her set, so did we. On the street in front of The Gin I exchanged numbers with Celeste, and Melody and Francis the same. Finally.

The walk home was the usual debriefing of "I did this then I did that I should have done this should I have done that".

"Still no intel. Fuck." I spat on the ground.

"She's on her game, bro," Francis replied. "She avoided all of your questions about details on that shit. She's on to you."

"You think?" I asked.

"Doesn't matter," he said.

"Doesn't matter," I agreed.

The last bit of the walk home was silent, with both of our heads held high wading in our separate pools of victory. It was a successful night, and it was just the beginning.
