
■■

■

I hobbled through the empty funeral parlor toward an open coffin. It looked comfortable. The candles around the room being the only light, off the inside of the casket's cushioned lid I could see the flickering shadow of the body inside. I walked closer, my limp and weak legs slowed my progress. I could see the tailored tuxedo and his dirty shoes. He had a book, a short story, on his chest that he held calmly. His last possession. And his face, it was me. Like standing in front of a mirror I brushed the hair from my face, and then from his. Then I saw as him, through his eyes as I laid in that coffin. The man standing above me was me. His hair grey, his beard unkempt. His lips twitched to hide back his tears. An old man, filled with regret. The crypt closed.

*

“They’ve been around for a long time,” Britten said as she closed her menu. “They’re still a privately held company. We don’t know what they’re investing in. Now everyone has these phones and everyone has Foursquare. ”

“All of the cool ideas on these devices are based off of data that we have already given it,” I said. “But it’s like Foursquare sees into the future. Or even crazier, it writes it.”

“Well then, my next question is very obvious,” she said. “What have you uncovered from your girlfriend?”

I knew the question was coming. “Nothing yet,” I said.

She smacked her lips together in disappointment, closed her eyes, and took a deep breath. “I believe in what you’re doing. Now I do.” It felt like it was the first time she was talking to me and not chastising me. “And I think you’re right; your girlfriend has the answers we need. It’s that simple.”

“She’s not my girlfriend,” I said.

“I don’t give a shit,” she said, returning to her normal demeanor.

*

“More reports of meteors around here,” Karl said as he sat in front of the radio, smoking his cigar. “They’re telling people to stay inside.”

“Smoking cigars inside again?” I asked.

“There’s meteors outside,” he said. "I can break you off a piece.”

“Hell yeah.”

We stood in front of the bay windows overlooking The Bay smoking our half cigars. There were streaks in the sky from meteors that disintegrated in the atmosphere. There were already a few dozen incidents of meteors hitting land. Their remains were extremely valuable. I uncovered that Foursquare had twice already recommended going to places near where the meteors were going to hit.

"The carnival might be canceled, they said." Karl said.

"Celeste said it was still on. We're meeting them there tonite at 10. There's a lot more dangerous things at a carnival than meteors."

"Carneys," he said.

"Deep fried twinkies," I said.

"Twinkies is out of business," he said.

"Well I'm out of business if I don't figure out Celeste's predictive recommendations."

"She really doesn't want you to go to the carnival," he said. "Maybe she knows something's going to happen."

"Good."

"I read that white paper that she wrote that you sent me," he said.

"Really?" I asked.

"Haha no."

"It's way too proof-of-concept for me to use programmatically. But it explains how a person's phone contains more personal information than any other possession in history. And how a person's behavior can be sculpted over time because they start seeing this possession as a conscience."

"But what does it all mean haha," he said.

"Means we're going to the goddamn carnival is what it means," I said as I threw my fedora at him.

"Yesh OK I'll ask Lila."

"I already asked her she said yes," I said.

There was buzz about a scary haunted house and a lot of encouragement to swarm the place with Squaremes. Gabo was going to be there too. If there was an Oz curtain, it would be at this carnival, and I was about to look behind it. I was running out of time.

"Alright alright I got it!" Francis walked in the front door with a ziplock baggy held high in the air.

"Let the games begin," I said.

"Oh I don't know about that," Karl responded.

"Hahaha I got it just like I told you I would," Francis gloated. "Goomsense!"

Goomsense was a synthetic form of psilocybin mushrooms in pill form. No sick stomach. Exact dosages. And it wasn't even illegal since it was just invented. Our chemist friend Lassie had been working on it for a couple of years, and it was finally ready.

I called Celeste to double-check our plans.

"It's just a carnival, Celeste, no big deal," I said to her.

"OK. But like we agreed, you stay by my side the whole time, you don't play any of the games, and I'll only talk to you."

"Sure fine whatever. 10 o'clock near the stage. See you then," I said.

She sighed. "See you then."

This was a textbook carnival: poorly built rides, star spangled wrist bands, Cheeto-dieted disgusting white trash folk, the bearded woman, all of it.

“She’s like me, see?” Karl said as he pointed at his quilted chin warmer beard and then at the bearded woman. His girlfriend tried to silence him, but she was just too small.

The freak show was only in town for one night, it had never been there before, and would most likely never legally continue, so we all made a night out of it.

“No, that’s like you,” Lila, Karl’s girlfriend, said. She motioned her elbow toward a drunken homeless man caught in a trapeze net, trying to wrestle his way out to freedom.

A phone playing a live video shows up in front of my face. It’s facing me showing me in a cowboy hat and a girl next to me wearing daisy dukes. It’s me and Celeste on her Squarecam.

“Nice one,” I say. I turn around to hug her. Melody is with her. “That looked pretty real.”

“We’re going to that rodeo tomorrow, remember?” she asks.

“I remember,” I say. “Good job Foursquare. You told it, huh?”

“It’s getting sooo good!” she says in excitement. “The show’s about to start at the main stage. Let’s get up there! Stay by my side." Melody pulls out a contraption holding jello shots, and they both shoot two each.

"Here comes Gabo," I say, half amused, trying to pay attention through the Goomsense trickle.

>check-in andirk
~ gabø

My phone chimes in my pocket. It says I just checked in to 'Gabo'.

"What the fuck," I say. "Celeste, why did my phone just check me in to Gabo?"

>-check-in andirk
~ celestival

I look at her for an answer. She looks at me like she's surprised. Then my phone chimes again. This time it says I've checked in to 'Celestival'.

"Hahaha dude this app is losing it," I say. "Check it out Francis, I just checked in to Celeste."

"More like checked her out hahaha," Francis says.

>check-in andirk
~ francix

It chimes again.

"Ew what?" I wince at my phone. "I checked in to Francix?"

I think I know what's going on. A man with a tablet in his hand steps closer to me looking at my phone. He does the 'kill it' motion to another man wearing a headset.

"Lila," I turn to face Lila. "Watch this Lila I'm about to check in to *you*. Watch."

"Hey man," Karl says. "She's mine."

Chime.

"See?!" I say. "It knows who I'm interacting with. Awesome!"

"Karl hey hi how are you so I says to mables I says," I say to Karl, pretending to have a conversation with him. "We're talking hey hi. Hey -- hmm. Stopped working."

Karl is clearly much farther along on his Goomgsense ingestion than myself. He's playing with the tassels on his sweatshirt.

I walk up to a mother and child and greet them. "Good evening to the both of you. Of you too." Nothing. Celeste is at my side like an Asian concubine. I see her motion to the guy with the tablet to let him know it's OK.

"Celeste, come onnnn," I say. "Let me in on this. Foursquare's picking up on my... Oh boy here we go." The psychedelics just kicked in for sure.

Francis comes running up. I didn't know he had walked away or how much time had passed.

"There's a thing over here like a tent thing," he says.

"Yeah tent let's go," I say.

"No!!" Celeste quickly exclaims. "No hon, let's stay here."

"Hon?" I say. She had never called me anything like that before and I was kind of sick of her shit. There's a handful of tablet-holding serious men walking around, some of them looking at me. This is some sort of experiment, and she wouldn't admit it to me.

"Let's go do tent," I tell Francis. "See you guys later."

"Andrew," Celeste says in a wimpy voice. "We had a deal."

"Yeah well being your fucking guinea pig wasn't part of the deal." I walk away with Francis as he's pointing toward a large tent with people wandering around inside.

"No," Celeste says as she grabs my arm. "I'm going with you."

"Fine," I say.

The two clowns welcoming people into the tent also have earpieces. The drug may be impairing my judgment but this tent looks like a lot of fun.

They motion us in without a word.

Everyone inside is wandering around with their phones out Squarecam'ing the experience. The music is dancy and everyone's having a great time. There doesn't appear to be any other purpose of this tent but to cam each other. There must be something special about this tent.

I'm pulling my phone out when I notice Francis already has his out giggling at what he sees.

"What is it?" I ask him.

"Hahahaha dude where are we?"

My squarecam shows him without any extras. Celeste has a tornado-like wind swirling around her. She has a red liquid decorating her hair, even more when her neck turned so.

I mozy away from my friends to enjoy the psychedelics and the Squarecam. It's way more realistic than normal. None of the usual fantasy creatures floating around. Seconds later, Celeste is again by my side.

A girl, clearly drunk, walks up to me with her phone pointed at me. "Haha you're all wet," she says.

"Haha wet means PCP I think." I say to her. Celeste smiles at her in apology as she rests her head on my shoulder. "This is Goomsense. Let’s see what you are."

I point the cam at her. "You're -- oh my god. Not good not good!"

"Hahaha you're drunk," she says and walks away.

My cam stays on her. The clarity of the damage to her head is far too real. Her entire top half is covered in blood, her face bludgeoned and disfigured. There's yellow paint all over her clothes. I see a couple other people distance themselves from her as they look through their cam. Some point and show their friends.

"Celeste what the fuck!" I scream. "She's dead! Oh my god."

She tries to calm me down by rubbing my back. "It's just a game, calm down."

"No. No that wasn't funny. Other people see it too," I tell her with a shaky voice. "What is this? Where am I?"

A man with a headset approaches me and puts his hand on my shoulder and directs me to leave with the other hand. He speaks into his mic. One of the front door clowns turns around.

"We have to go," Celeste says. "You're making a scene."

"Fuck this," I say in defiance. "Fuck that clown!"

As the clown approaches me I tell him to come hither with my middle finger. I walk faster than the headset guy holding my shoulder. That clown has something that I want. He thinks this is going to be a peaceful exit.

"You're in on this too!" I say to the clown as he readies his grip on my forearm. I swing my arms to free myself and grab at his face. His stupid clown hat is getting in the way.

"Station!" I hear him yell as we fall to the ground in a prison scuffle. I scratch at the right side of his face and feel the device loosen itself from his ear. I got it. I squeeze it in my palm tight. This bitch fight is over. Another worker puts his boot on my head. I stop my onslaught and slither backward to free my head from the boot. I roll over and see Celeste with her hands over her mouth, horrified. I get to my feet just as a hairy bear clown bear hugs me and lifts me into the air.

"Let him go he's with me," she pleads. The clown sees her and drops me. "Oh my god Andrew what is wrong with you?!"

The workers are standing all around me ready to swing, wanting to swing. "Let's go," I tell her. I spit some dirt out of my mouth, making sure not to make eye contact with any of them.

She hurries me out of the tent. Karl and Lila are standing outside. "Um, we should go," Karl says.

Lila and Celeste brace each other as if they've never seen a shroomer and a clown battle it out in a circus tent.

"Hahahahaha," Francis stumbles out of the tent laughing. "You're a maaaniac!"

The vibrations of the earpiece buzz in my fist as we hurry away from the tent.

"He's leaving. He's with 4-2."

"Is Plaza clear?"

"Plaza clear."

"10-4."

Then there’s silence on the earpiece. I inspect it for a mic. There is none. Good. I don’t want Celeste to see what I have so I put it on my ear and flip my hood over my head.

“Eagle confirmed. Site B1 to D7.”

“Eagle failed. Site B1 to D9. Increase Eclipse on D7. We need her to go to D7.”

“Eclipse increased on D7.”

“Kill Squarecam on all Plaza. People are starting to notice.”

“Hey guys, this is Station. We have, uh, I need Game Theory on this. There’s an individual showing 95% Eagle. She has been all night. She's in Plaza. It doesn’t look good. It’s been six hours. Everything accurate, but, uh, it doesn’t look good.”

“Station, this is Black. Do not interfere. Carry on.”

“10-4.”

I recognize that voice. That voice is Daemon’s, Foursquare’s CEO. The lingo was cryptic, but I could tell that some of them were worried about something. And Daemon told them to stand down.

“My car’s over here, guys,” Lila said. It wasn’t easy for her to keep us all corralled together as we wandered the parking lot since Karl, Francis, and I were high as kites. And Celeste and Melody had enjoyed a few Jell-O shots, although Melody was not around.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the girl from the tent, the one who was covered in blood. She was laughing with her friends, stumbling through the parking lot. I wanted to tell her what I saw on her in the tent, and how horrible it was.

“You in the pants! In the paints!” I shout at her. Celeste immediately yanks the tassels on my hood to face her square on.

“We’re leaving, *right now*,” she tells me with eyes wide open and no smile to show.

“Be safe my friend!” I shout at her again. She didn’t hear me.

“I just want to lean against a tree with all my friends,” Karl says.

“Yeah me too!” I say.

“Me too,” Francis says. "With babies."

The drive home was Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride, Goodie Lila at the small helm. Lights flying by, voices drifting in the wind. I stood through the sunroof with my arms spread out screaming at the sky, a galactic spaceship tour of the Milky Way, the now hundreds of meteors racing us down the freeway.

Karl and Lila had set up the bedding in the living room for Celeste (before I could get a word in edge-wise). Lila tuned the TV. There was a news report that sounded serious.

"That's so sad," Lila said.

"I wish someone could have stopped that," Karl said.

> "... at the first ever county fair. It's a..." the TV says.

My mind inebriated and my vision blurred, the pictures on the television come in to view. There was an accident.

>- "A girl, only 19 years old... walking home... It could not have been predicted..."

The news report shown a large caravan on its side with yellow paint still spilling from its carriage. Red, white, and blue lights flashing like lasers in my eyes.

Young woman. Yellow paint. Carnival. No.

"No. No no no," I say as I lift myself out of my recliner. "That was her. I saw her. I saw her there."

No one paid mind to my mumbles.

"I saw her, I met her," I say, looking around at my friends. "She was dead and I saw it."

Karl and Francis had already passed out in their chairs and Lila wasn’t in the room anymore.

Celeste lay in her comfortings, looking at me with no emotion, just listening.

"I saw it, Celeste," I tell her, pleading with her to understand me. "She was in the tent."

Still, no sign of emotion from her.

"She had car accident marks on her in the tent!" I say. "I tried to tell you."

I look around at the others, thoroughly passed out, understandably so. I would be too if I didn't just see the worst thing I had ever seen.

She raises her eyebrows at me in disinterest.

"You." I point at her just like I did the clown. “You knew. You knew. You did nothing."

She wipes the tired from her eyes, comfortably tucked in beneath her blankets.

"Andrew," she says, annoyed with me. "It's late. We should go to sleep."

She closes her eyes to further her cause.

"No. No," I say, staring her down, making sure the vitriol flowing through my blood was obvious. "You tell me right now. What just happened?"

She opens her eyes. "Go. To. Sleep. Andrew."

"Get up right fucking now," I tell her.

I walk over to her while she lay on the couch, mostly unscathed by anything I've said. I grab both of her shoulders and lift her completely upright, the blanket draping down at her feet. I bring my face a millimeter away from hers and grip her arms tightly to make sure she knows I'm talking directly to her and her only.

"Fucking tell me right fucking now fucking tell me bitch this isn’t a game anymore I could have stopped someone from getting their face smashed in from a carnival truck what is it with you and carnivals anyways?! Tell me!"

With one swift plant of her palm in my eye followed a solid push with both of her hands to my chest, I fall.

"Don't ever fucking touch me," she says calmly.

Lila runs out of Karl's room looking like she has just seen a ghost.

A mix of Goomsense, pain, and regret travel through my body, stinging.

"He deserved it," Celeste tells Lila as she steps over my body and picks up her purse from the coffee table. "Goodnite, Lila."

"Um, goodnight," Lila responds.
